Page: 0
Medicine reminder and monitoring system for secure health using IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LfNU8bTCeV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNIsdhk7PBcdrzg1BlTklpnLbCHyePU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 0
Medicine reminder and monitoring system for secure health using IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LfNU8bTCeV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNI5h05DjnYWKoZxEPXaVGwU0v0HldN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 0
Medicine reminder and monitoring system for secure health using IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LfNU8bTCeV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNJDUa-XevSE5lcw2RkNiQkkKCpmk74&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 0
Medicine reminder and monitoring system for secure health using IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LfNU8bTCeV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNMD2g0sxy8ZatXmZ6OLmAWdTM16-Zm&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 0
Medicine reminder and monitoring system for secure health using IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LfNU8bTCeV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNMO1N7xmW5B3TydHQyx6J3PEcsRiel&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 0
Medicine reminder and monitoring system for secure health using IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LfNU8bTCeV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNMsgyNEn6eT2LdS2uOWk0Iy_X84KQR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 0
Medicine reminder and monitoring system for secure health using IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LfNU8bTCeV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj-0z-uon_DgN_3CwCicDnSdqwjfI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=0&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

SRTS: A self-recoverable time synchronization for sensor networks of healthcare IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:o0tYBAFJAzwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyjyLx_V-wSTHHzK9mZrLWkQXUGj5O&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=1&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Trends in wireless communications towards 5G networks—The influence of e-health and IoT applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:zdrBia7uuB8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj63GqAUyPxNTY_LbdYCBy61MHtQV&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=2&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Multi-hop wban construction for healthcare iot systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RA7btMzXcYAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj0o8kOk0ioRr7AUgxKUrTGNmp9LR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=3&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security and privacy framework for ubiquitous healthcare IoT devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bzPeXqTTmg0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj0BHQhi1tEYRKY3itURPgXzU7PmB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=4&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Leveraging fog computing for healthcare iot
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:C3kF_GbDxH0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj49Osq9TL_eX-nwUY9tsFUMMTPHW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=5&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Low-cost fog-assisted health-care IoT system with energy-efficient sensor nodes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:clnptEWTBXYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj6SpJ6zwEpTmOVvhM_3pc3G87KSA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=6&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Multi-hop WBAN Construction for Healthcare IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LtJnrut7QYcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj3iZlnd_m8vyz2FcIiVkJa6iQrRN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=7&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Big data security intelligence for healthcare industry 4.0
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:X7ryCcFhnWUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj37P7amx4GOmBdyQdo1MvxdXrcwc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=8&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Entropy extraction from bio-signals in healthcare IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:sWHYW0omTnUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj_XLAopjxyY86CR8nH2tIoorXt6c&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=9&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A data replica placement scheme for cloud storage under healthcare iot environment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:8qIXhyrBr9IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj27Ukuo3NDl6makGPyH-IjOOxml2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=10&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Sequential decision-making in healthcare IoT: Real-time health monitoring, treatments and interventions
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:TTLvxFrUMbIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj8hLQZzDAMRsKvtQn8pjBz_L599O&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=11&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of M-health Things'm-IOT'
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NzRKlL6_NzMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj4vlN--Em0BDT3b9LWYXwD4CUkrO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=12&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Health: Applying IoT and Big Data to Manage Healthcare Systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:12EG3gDgbA0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyjzYNXsIsctl7_8gLeiyX14pIpgZJ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=13&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security Context Framework for Distributed Healthcare IoT Platform
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:fSyDDVRVAk8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj2sBv0qV04dx2S8B0tkLvsa3CkVv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=14&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A new approach towards IoT by using health care-IoT and food distribution IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LDWTL6vfVdMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyjxV1ZH7XTUQ-2AkpWbrjybhlLqme&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=15&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Middleware solution for healthcare IoT applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lvtrk63uCPwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyjxID71UkcBnZP3EITs3U2lqeF5fh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=16&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Leveraging fog computing for healthcare iot
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:TTIrwNNYZmUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyjwDn0PlHlD323V2lWIq7SCUoLxyC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=17&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A genome-wide association study identifies protein quantitative trait loci (pQTLs)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7HpWm3QCbkMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj_3RRRs3OCnAecj-9ICjIhWXxEgz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=18&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey of security aspects for Internet of Things in healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PMJft2qH6G8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNyj35wexScwXbv0NgKUZn7-WYE37xa&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=19&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 11 seconds before executing next page

Page: 20
Modelling of healthcare IoT using the queueing theory
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KD4LQhhOxPYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhN6dr_ECIoGxYKL8LPNlJzDkhSxa&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=20&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

HiCH: Hierarchical Fog-Assisted Computing Architecture for Healthcare IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:jA7XDi6lnrMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhFjaE6DqQe78McbZAKGZ9D8oI2lT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=21&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Health Care System by Monitoring the Patient Health Using IOT and GSM
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WcDXT36FSz0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhJ3-kzzSR2_VB_wsyMhhCkKdxRSU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=22&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Healthcare IoT m-GreenCARDIO remote cardiac monitoring system--concept, theory of operation and implementation
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Hwvbjr1e14IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhL-bh4Xu1Si2nyuWblO9fdUMoQTS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=23&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A DDoS prevention scheme for session resumption SEA architecture in healthcare IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lqMsoGu14LIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhIXFKLk1QqR0rndhZc7-tVSOQx5v&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=24&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A data replica consistency maintenance scheme for cloud storage under healthcare IoT environment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IH-wuwtDA-8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhAe0F_2LzJfeTVUd_QgPy7CMrfYd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=25&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Reliable Cross Layer Design for E-Health Applications—IoT Perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:K11P1Ao0nIwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhAusvqCBEzn0ZTh9CQ8x3B-XRZDX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=26&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Technological Trends for 5G Networks Influence of E-Health and IoT Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cuKA3TUG_fcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhOI2lqLaxEJrzhXKOFeGW0V8CtPB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=27&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

REMOTE E-HEALTH: INTELLIGENT IOT BASED UBIQUITOUS HEALTHCARE SYSTEMS
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:z5pp5L_rK50J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhFlQNIntPqx8fWV0NrvECcjjWFaZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=28&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Survey of EHealthcare Systems Using Wearable Devices and Medical Sensor Networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LpgjTtmHJbwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhA7JesuwVshe9hg1dGyl0dR73Nr3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=29&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cloud-centric IoT based disease diagnosis healthcare framework
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:uvaav9Io9CYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhJPyv4w9036OVQFtCRHK2uCnydp8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=30&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Pharmaceutical Cleaning: A Short Review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:f_UYkNeX2MUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhClWwZueU4bAj7-76Yr_wRu0mq9s&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=31&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet-of-Things and big data for smarter healthcare: From device to architecture, applications and analytics
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YGrxB8xk-3UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhKj6CM0vbYhXcG7-RkrWmMXJiy0W&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=32&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Elevated C-reactive protein levels and metabolic syndrome in the elderly: the role of central obesity: data from the Inchianti study
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:zzcZWqN4Z5oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhHgdyRcKt_BwTElQc5l4cHe_nRLR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=33&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Centralized fog computing security platform for IoT and cloud in healthcare system
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:jyEiHi5OERcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhP-ofvzohVymnmilRXjnA_BiMjbR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=34&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IOMT: Cloud-Based Solution Offered by Health Care Center's (A special reference to IOMT's in Bangalore City)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Q5xnchIzOoQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhPENDB6i2FnWzqO9n_WaXk-nOnh6&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=35&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

E-health-IoT Universe: A Review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:J1OeB2L6e20J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhHU5MwXWHeVDOQdDmTAfTwInyyfh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=36&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Wearable devices and healthcare: Data sharing and privacy
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:sDb6JKurBsoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhFzLsXaWiwNc1xgh4QikuLc7qMW_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=37&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Ontology-based system for patient monitoring with connected objects
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9W2ythhdFl8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhOYypWXRJQOkrTFrD4_1BQm_5qHD&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=38&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Health Care Application System using IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0FcUpsR9T7QJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoNzhLvfyeYZEy3cVRGI6BCB_bVteiLP&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=39&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 15 seconds before executing next page

Page: 40
Trust-based decision making for environmental health community of interest IoT systems.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9iZB2fY38DYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cTx5gY8pKhXYeLklX7-CWxPJVd5U&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=40&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT in Healthcare: Breaching Security Issues
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0XcsGDw8fbcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cdL3-F71BWB3xVh6PqmsdGuit6tL&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=41&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Framework For Integration of A Patients' Body Area Network With Iot
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Y79DGgZerM4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cVfiCsFs2qwjVkPB-cHTyk3mipn2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=42&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An efficient IoT healthcare service management model of location tracking sensor
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2QCVHuke3PsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cST18Pygyq-kejzYX2WwzQ1A4Jkr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=43&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Applications Based on Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) in the Field of Home Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2xOty1rn7pMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cbd30lE_I15DhYFd99c8Z92SEsMU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=44&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The IoT Implementation Technology for e-Health Device Connection
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:dyqxU4i4SJQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cZ_NsUnnv8J_SivbJSdNDTd9mNiQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=45&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security and Privacy in the Internet of Medical Things: Taxonomy and Risk Assessment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:joG4Y0A4XF8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cRDc1BQv-1Kq0F9Sb69DjxZRL6g2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=46&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Smart Water Bottle for New Seniors: Internet of Things (IoT) and Health Care Services
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:k9uNxUhVB1AJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0ccM6rqlcQ1LPPFl2P7bD6fP3pVG5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=47&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Opportunities and challenges of the Internet of Things for healthcare: Systems engineering perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:_aEqwrTxGiUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cenn85SlYL4URdiO5zecIMJF_Cts&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=48&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Software defined healthcare networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Y84jUIEbEmAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cYffn3EDXmI-arGZfk2UNXkmKizB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=49&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things in Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:InpFJTdgk0sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cWqXOeYtL2xgpsBkaewIOIOSqkWq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=50&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Verifying a secure authentication protocol for IoT medical devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2GuNeoHcsuYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cVmk_AherC0dXVp5ljXuT-LU8yDa&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=51&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Raman Spectroscopic Analysis of Human Skin by Monte Carlo simulation
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:S-iJ0cSnfV0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cfq_M7PJYgZEY5-hRpy60NjzLefo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=52&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Medical Information Management Scheme of Healthcare Service Patient through 2-way Access Control
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kuAH9NpXAjAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cVgUX0sB-6wA1oBkRJBqx4nG4dmy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=53&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Special Issue on 5G Wireless Networks for IoT and Body Sensors
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7M9XNN5y3PwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cXJlxGAZiMToKOLkJUJaamlcaLNq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=54&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Issues and challenges in healthcare narrowband IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yhD5fn5kEhAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cSx_81y83cE_Cdw3SwspawfdPc8m&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=55&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A comprehensive review on usage of Internet of Things (IoT) in healthcare system
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:FC7EFn8KGVoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cbsKOI_dLV5JGgazJl33H_I4RVVT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=56&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Research on a solution for efficient ecg data transmission in iot environment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:nbeak-Xit34J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cYfJd44h8AMeGp7tOGdGGEuFWTTG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=57&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things as a Solution enabler in health sector
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:tE7gL7tfq1kJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cXGqIW3V4npehoEk3XemwZks3eB7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=58&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Investigation on IoT Healthcare Analytics
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6vkZCxsB5TAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN0cbQvTot_7_5V6HYrgIwMkYR_0O3f&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=59&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 11 seconds before executing next page

Page: 60
Albia Maqbool Nazar Mohsin
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0Ak6QCf7ZUsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VvM9aVLhdRFZcQdd5nqOnBX_xlp4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=60&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure and Reliable Internet of Things Systems for Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:3iifP-p-ZzcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vorg9yEQiLGnqyqCIwUoREu1esiS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=61&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

General Overview of IoT Empower Technology
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:oeBNZtV5UDcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VskOeLKApYDlP9Uzu6hLdjNhNNlp&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=62&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF PURE AND APPLIED RESEARCH IN ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KC21RysRzigJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VppUsMT-kkTrnrCTtXMDjOSoibHR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=63&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A design characteristics of smart healthcare system as the IoT application
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:dn0Na5gT_PwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VrWeyRQSN_nVS1zjrdfhQ5i8KmHx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=64&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

HEALTHCARE USING INTERNET OF THINGS
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:XzZb2W8A0yUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vq__3OytMbXBeyigcF2-VfsZoTO0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=65&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Study on the Influential Factors of Purchase Intention of Wrist Wearable Device
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hnoVq5lUfacJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VuEfIG9Gp1fqhERdbzz7WDkeCbjU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=66&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

SmartHealth-NDNoT: Named Data Network of Things for Healthcare Services.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6g8KSRYIPHcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VrqZynrNTF1pYiPju16BEV5tEVq-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=67&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The internet of things for healthcare monitoring: security review and proposed solution
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bi964mr6CZcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vlm0ttUPABvGdHPmIU8uyIyL2Ubj&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=68&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Session resumption-based end-to-end security for healthcare internet-of-things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:EBEkgtj-XlgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VihVEQu-iGMFJGiX2f3L6JxjB7aq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=69&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The potential of Internet of m-health Things “m-IoT” for non-invasive glucose level sensing
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ANWH-rK1HNgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vo01bBCxpcud472PXMele-M8-lHA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=70&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

International Journal of Engineering Research ISSN: 2348-4039 &amp; Management Technology
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:XdFXoKeRp14J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vp08KALmSkV-uOj0DORmEkvOz7Di&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=71&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security Breaches and Threat Prevention in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ROgnKWalLLQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VpMCqwQPLktj5JlCStY-JLqgAnbu&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=72&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Future Application Trends for Health based Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lQXykcR4CK4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vv4IyujgwtSdEezxnFAgHyYh8WY-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=73&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Healthcare Information System Architecture Based on Internet of Things, Big Data and Agent Technologies
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:x2qFtwFbYnkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VjzM1LJvyKYKBDc_zM9-MmF_Bmij&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=74&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Use of E and V Spectrum Bands for providing IoT in Rural Areas through Optical Fiber Communication
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:j936JzlcDRwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vojvody_GpI0wmNWrBNq1e6RfVYi&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=75&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT and Digital Transformation: A Tale of Four Industries
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bNdjRTWjHDEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VvwQuDNaBWaU0ND9mFQebU_bHM1h&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=76&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Application of Internet of Things in Healthcare Sector for Bottom of Pyramid in India
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LUgokPr-WooJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vg-nfLVvadvS3hDBF8mfinZsU-2a&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=77&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Traffic management using value function-based regulation
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ijaUL-AH68EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1VgfXvTbgo51xhvb1QAwgpOmkdwVy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=78&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Enhancement in open-circuit voltage of implantable CMOS-compatible glucose fuel cell by improving the anodic catalyst
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ifE_fYaue7sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN1Vju85qXnO2e_xgEt4QW7NCPGgTRc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=79&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 12 seconds before executing next page

Page: 80
Distributed device health platform using Internet of Things devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1Af4y0JE7WgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SjYOU099NKFhFm7wtVsc2RJmJ1h9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=80&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Risks of Adding Internet of Things to Healthcare Networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:dso_kePBausJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2ShoSOPPS68yrYdn275izDCKELIx7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=81&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Fog computing in healthcare internet of things: A case study on ecg feature extraction
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:uL-LRPBN5dUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2StrG2WSAVk4jZIuv8L77o7-V6Szl&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=82&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

mHealth, IOTand Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:msy6MlUFLsAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SvcJgrH-GAW1QKIoTPQk8mldFAmi&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=83&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Empirical Study: Data Analytics Fosters Health Care Data Management And Its Outcomes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2MPnvMzyuKQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2St3e9cn5T_9CrIPH3e-RAo7egsWV&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=84&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The internet of things in healthcare: Potential applications and challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RiU6qXs4c-UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SlHA4XqbCP1IVewvsoka7a7-6GH0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=85&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Developing a Health-Enabling Service System Combining Wearable Device and Personal Health Records for Older Adults
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:_dKJ2-FDVHwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SrxIl7SRe6H70nNJfnJFJT1YRjDF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=86&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things and big data technologies for next generation healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KrCIKrVg54IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2ShFPGMy-B7rK-6QfzrW5R1OOb9jZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=87&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Lightweight Break-glass Access Control System for Healthcare Internet-of-Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IiIMHQfTowAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2Sspwta6C0PhAhuhlQnwpOTfsRXS_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=88&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Big data, CEP and IoT: redefining holistic healthcare information systems and analytics
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hmcJ059c4WkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SjPUI30Wi5E7VOPI3CgW3q8Wui-g&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=89&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Baby Steps in E-Health: Internet of Things in a Doctor's Office
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:sZge0fBx2zYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SoU9uzTt4NZ0uYFn32BgXtYBnibW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=90&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A QRS detection and R point recognition method for wearable single-lead ECG devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9N7lTjoIlEgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SiSEBlzPTwKIfSsPdZAbrnFz-4GO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=91&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things Based Predictive Computing
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:evZtbkFOWFcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SiogiAYMcOsDr4WmQtHaio-kc5Ma&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=92&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Mobile health (m-health) system in the context of IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QNd3vv9SdecJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2ShfxM2s4ekOCtaSFoka39r2FyNur&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=93&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Medical Things (IOMT): Applications, Benefits and Future Challenges in Healthcare Domain
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WwTengn21dkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SqCpLVzs4xcwlTn3HiFZolNOVlbp&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=94&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Health capability: The representation of IoT in health domain among Jakartans
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ZdIueh5jI18J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SqCOkuuiSORDHisJh6hkGEndHVuc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=95&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Modern Health Care System Using IoT and Android
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:88NGqZmM_lAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SgY6TSUwungMvHdAi5KHYFRskmO5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=96&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

End-to-end security scheme for mobility enabled healthcare Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:A1l8BqVtA7YJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SqFmzU3xvc4sX_pJ9pT4b4ensXmW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=97&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Futures business models of an Internet of Things (IoT) enabled Healthcare sector
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:X_BMQJeh1zAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2Smw_2mFXWBeh8lAt36h2mhokpiiW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=98&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Hospitals using Internet of Things (IoT)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:jBa3CrDaIBQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN2SnnMY_J_M-N7Ywtr6DOj__5LcTXn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=99&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 11 seconds before executing next page

Page: 100
A Framework for IoT and E-Health Systems Integration based on the Social Internet of Things Paradigm
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:J5tk6li8IjoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NgIeIbf8ZJgF91aHPRsNmEKwmioI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=100&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Wireless Internet: 8th International Conference, WICON 2014, Lisbon, Portugal, November 13-14, 2014, Revised Selected Papers
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Ot0Q4B2LU8gJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NhK4hfaFAjT4wYRL_YZR87dbK3SI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=101&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Recent Research on Wireless Body Area Networks: A Survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xCbRUcvGGykJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3Nn1N0GZxhvax4qe_DaiKloeob_WM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=102&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Managing Criticalities of e-Health IoT systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qebfXVPtXMYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NkG1v1are4YmsRm9-IyBl8llhPnQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=103&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey of technologies in internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:D16Bsp632VYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NhRmTh57_uGdqThxEjdcjXzpQ4qP&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=104&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Elodie Attié
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qdNu2yqHamMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NpuO31DpC3StBv2xCmX3aQq21VKf&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=105&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Healthcare applications of the Internet of Things: A Review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:_tYaois3WIsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3No3Kk69BwAEr3Bd8TTxsBiinrvTT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=106&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Overview of IoT and Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ldPM7heQg1QJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NtgqrtdXO7o-7L5R3okFF_OZsC1Z&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=107&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cognitive telemedicine IoT technology for dynamically adaptive eHealth content management reference framework embedded in cloud architecture
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:HU8GDltVXOcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NhY3u_yu-mzGq3m_Cwn0fkScDhO0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=108&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

BIG DATA AND THE INTERNET OF MEDICAL THINGS
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:tmXLO9XAB0gJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NuDcp1Oc-tFOgwBRPUIYkDiTC8rK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=109&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Point-of-care diagnostics: Recent developments in a connected age
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:P95xtWjHFdYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NjIzxxtqNjm8sMhowGDwS3q2Al_L&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=110&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Remote health monitoring system through IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:oUReMUJ0uZAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NkwjSBXiigdTNEcu6dZi838u0RGv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=111&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Survey on security of Internet of Things in eHealth and clouds
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:I7kiVTp9wsQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NsJE9osJVwSATQtS0re18eYhwBvs&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=112&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Fine-Grained Access Control with Attribute Based Cache Coherency for IoT with application to Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:HyZ06NSZ8J4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NvtP6NsSCiE0C6BS0sgN0nx0Q9Xs&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=113&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Mobile-edge computing architecture: The role of MEC in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CNy0qUu1fHAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NiQmkLtAhpxIXdU54obzsO79-dkT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=114&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey on security of IoT in the context of eHealth and clouds
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:5kr3_94nyWgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NsXluhNi6oAujqBFCrThr8miAYH0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=115&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Proposing a modeling framework for minimizing security vulnerabilities in IoT systems in the healthcare domain
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QUGhdlNm8cUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NiwQJpv6vu8909RMeHvOnLtHfNkw&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=116&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Intelligent healthcare service by using collaborations between IoT personal health devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SBpREDuzN-EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NmLRwKkvGNir4SwJlBOxGwvyTPlz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=117&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Insulin resistance and systemic inflammation, but not metabolic syndrome phenotype, predict 9 years mortality in older adults
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:zUzlBi_kWgsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3Np5s3rWU4LcS1eiavHwTbZfCgjk7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=118&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards energy-efficient HealthCare: An Internet-of-Things architecture using intelligent gateways
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:asDSeTf0nCEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN3NjT77zPkPYmE8lxxHS40skuZIwoS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=119&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 9 seconds before executing next page

Page: 120
Internet of Things: Application and prospect
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:DxgkfXsyU_MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KeAhvWSkKhMUVyX2SHOplquKGOXM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=120&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Common lipid-altering gene variants are associated with therapeutic intervention thresholds of lipid levels in older people
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4kg6gCoZxQkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KSudbyybDP4rGjXwej_87NOBKDLh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=121&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Futures Business Models for an IoT enabled Health Care sector from a causal layered perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RXJBgt_Op1YJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4Kcm_Bdh4TAdWM2GkU954m-gxkLEy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=122&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Dynamic power management and adaptive packet size selection for IoT in e-Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2x9YeK_CGHsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4Ke73GwRv5wvXMGmDWcrR6RdCaAtQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=123&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Home Telemonitoring for vital signs using IoT technology
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:OVeYmTUROdAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KZxiJN-j1qAiyzJkZFpHs16Z_NBb&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=124&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Extensible disease diagnosis cloud platform with medical sensors and IoT devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LP1MGdXWRFYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KWkoDFr6hjQENaP6WtSqLBVCyPrH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=125&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things for Ambient Assisted Living: Challenges and Future Opportunities
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:o-Fj7BBoDAcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KWpGzvmDcydrz4pOGREm7L8qbpN_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=126&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Exploring formal strategy framework for the security in iot towards e-health context using computational intelligence
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:25ejrEsD6RcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KVBc5VZZe0yk9K0LgPi7r9m1dJxy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=127&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things Technologies for HealthCare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cUnbo_wxOpYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KdnhMbqy1YH9S2qejg4J2yrT7tiQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=128&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Medical Memoirs of the General Dispensary in London, for Part of the Years 1773 and 1774
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KT0bC5MwCgQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KX3ss8miNa4NSYF3IUTNQ4ti2NCC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=129&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

How can the internet of things help to overcome current healthcare challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:96eUk3GCG0sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KSZjBwMr1bOnQMEV5BWmx-rVioGB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=130&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Real-time medical emergency response system: exploiting IoT and big data for public health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0N8d3CloI-8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4Ka9etjDFyg5wkg7T6W8NlQnotcGN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=131&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Internet of Things architecture for preserving privacy of energy consumption
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1XFmS9zgqUEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KW-p4pAj_JNTrvHEzRftlwBkWDQ0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=132&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The impact of the hybrid platform of internet of things and cloud computing on healthcare systems: opportunities, challenges, and open problems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:P4dFJPTd6D8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KWBKRn3wZVrO-4Vmt6-8dYdFGDRM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=133&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Exploitation of social IoT for recommendation services
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:VvgUo59_aooJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KTPm1qDO27pqogweidbh1yUjU9kg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=134&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Wi-Fi based passive human motion sensing for in-home healthcare applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:46So9mG9b-sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KUPYkS6-Th1fiThcbzmeCFLrUCPO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=135&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

iHealth: A Fuzzy approach for provisioning Intelligent Health-care system in Smart City
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:OQt2s7WkLeEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KQapKQ41HoDN_Cue5NKaffapf4we&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=136&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A digital ecosystem of diabetes data and technology: services, systems, and tools enabled by wearables, sensors, and apps
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:HGIRgwRU7kIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KRS8PDp-0HAGOrW8UVFo14FTp2sG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=137&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things (IoT) framework for u-healthcare system
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:rdzFw8Yw2s8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KRQCrg9PkawmnBdLeKcmLjAv0b2D&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=138&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things Becomes Next Big Thing.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:O-p4D9Cne5QJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN4KbBB5Tc5oQjNSuB_JPBdlGg4YafU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=139&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 12 seconds before executing next page

Page: 140
Designing a course for smart healthcare engineering education
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Iw7zE5gcbAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5GgyaD6nHkmH2yVre_ALOOLRoxFax&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=140&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analytical Approach for Big Data in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BxeOcibqUqQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5GqiEkVmGgZG2kil0ybtLq9mZsgpU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=141&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT technologies for embedded computing: A survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:P8neB_EwFe4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5Gn1xAhHw7ENh8xLJXJqsPhOQWb30&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=142&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A personal health index system with IoT devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yYjdKmCeLdUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5GnTXsJ4fP8bAv1Q19J3hAbFaCdL-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=143&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Fog Computing in the Internet of Things: Intelligence at the Edge
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:twJLJwg4VpwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5GiW-KEw1AVqXSvSC7TryIeHD9HPZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=144&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Web-enabled intelligent gateways for eHealth internet-of-things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:gw6Wkar_eYkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5GlJiOIdX_vXX_qH2N3st4hQn09CA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=145&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A health-iot platform based on the integration of intelligent packaging, unobtrusive bio-sensor, and intelligent medicine box
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CMpgH9oPqb8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5Ggl1Kl1VqqTEx5pCAK8qJ99Uoz5o&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=146&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cybersecurity &amp; Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:wrOKYJznl-UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5GhcgRNPo3pITHX4vtkxEMcXL1o5K&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=147&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Complexity of Cyber Security Architecture for IoT Healthcare Industry: A Comparative Study
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:fOI-QNzcrD4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN5GpAryo5aK1M6KQlj-IlqX5cBiZr-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=148&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 140
Designing a course for smart healthcare engineering education
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Iw7zE5gcbAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN8Br7vbXeuVR9uIZq77V7B-QGVwlnV&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=140&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 140
How can the internet of things help to overcome current healthcare challenges

Bibtex could not be downloaded
Real-time medical emergency response system: exploiting IoT and big data for public health

Bibtex could not be downloaded
An Internet of Things architecture for preserving privacy of energy consumption

Bibtex could not be downloaded
Page: 140
Designing a course for smart healthcare engineering education
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Iw7zE5gcbAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN8iABtvWA4GksmT1KAG6eHY7sjXjxo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=140&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
The impact of the hybrid platform of internet of things and cloud computing on healthcare systems: opportunities, challenges, and open problems
Page: 140
Designing a course for smart healthcare engineering education
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Iw7zE5gcbAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoN8wlDf8XD8v6mhWPx3rDCvW1-pj3UV&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=140&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 140
Designing a course for smart healthcare engineering education
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Iw7zE5gcbAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoOcUiQiRUVa7q4pSYQ5QElfwOLP7JD2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=140&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 140
Designing a course for smart healthcare engineering education
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Iw7zE5gcbAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoOpN8NxdxBDtpfF9JtmT2YOy2xnX4zL&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=140&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 140
Designing a course for smart healthcare engineering education
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Iw7zE5gcbAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoOpl-Rv392sxyCXkdMMfEyvUuQfy7xN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=140&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 140
Designing a course for smart healthcare engineering education
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Iw7zE5gcbAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkOwxH4RXdSFxAByufpejPLs9myps1&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=140&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analytical Approach for Big Data in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BxeOcibqUqQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO-kH2JSJPB1RTzJAbNTrSKdbMvOB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=141&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT technologies for embedded computing: A survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:P8neB_EwFe4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO_eB6WG82_mwyuPQ5sj5R-q2JnQd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=142&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A personal health index system with IoT devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yYjdKmCeLdUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO4JZ3zfHThjUUWegsSaujNzYY956&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=143&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Fog Computing in the Internet of Things: Intelligence at the Edge
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:twJLJwg4VpwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO9cfcmG3inBqTeCf_BP9KCOdMhFy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=144&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Web-enabled intelligent gateways for eHealth internet-of-things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:gw6Wkar_eYkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkOwXwHnYmNgSkIu-C3EB2rVP9ewI8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=145&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A health-iot platform based on the integration of intelligent packaging, unobtrusive bio-sensor, and intelligent medicine box
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CMpgH9oPqb8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO2GHA-iIJAVexjIwNGcPbgkL1uH8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=146&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cybersecurity &amp; Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:wrOKYJznl-UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkOyegSTSZBbxEwgr-bf4YHEqjhdc1&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=147&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Complexity of Cyber Security Architecture for IoT Healthcare Industry: A Comparative Study
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:fOI-QNzcrD4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkOw_onlYRhIcIZ-Ku41Scuhzi5hKk&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=148&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Service composition for IP smart object using realtime Web protocols: Concept and research challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NNHdJMLbq4gJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO5GdXlqRh1EnlQDHCFiTtwTZMt0T&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=149&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Interest, energy and physical-aware coalition formation and resource allocation in smart IoT applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:E8YeDllUrC0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO64-ouZn7oYZtUmxkr5HW1byGZuF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=150&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Multivariate authentication and encryption scheme for data privacy in IoT healthcare monitoring
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kJGlLVQgrooJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO3dUZWsZE8bWZ5WO7FBprttxcrRh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=151&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards a Platform for Prototyping IoT Health Monitoring Services
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:N6ESgC4j56YJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO1qi-YvXWv7M9o5YtkGo_e2jIfC7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=152&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Will the Internet of Things Transform Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cfhkwaYHXa0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkOxIilmqoL59cY2mHlnxNYDimBySk&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=153&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Private analysis of infinite data streams via retroactive grouping
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Mr7N24RhKSUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO2av1VruoHc_UUVmeGs_ahZkmqKO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=154&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The potential of Internet of Things (IOT) for assisted living applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YOB5jwpaatkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO0UZsuS9V2YYCmWKCno6-vJTYIl7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=155&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Fog computing in body sensor networks: An energy efficient approach
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cU7jhX-L0V4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO7jNyVaklpH99Jk-VjxXsQMN-lxK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=156&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Challenges &amp; Opportunities for Blockchain Powered Healthcare Systems: A Review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hEEXoVvUpbcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO7_nXC97kT1HD1-9Zt3D3m27kPuN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=157&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Implementing Internet of Things in a Remote Patient Medical Monitoring System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:r_Ls9tFtMBgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkOwmmlp9l-4JnpgERlFeONpC0nuHF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=158&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Household internet and the 'need for speed': evaluating the impact of increasingly online lifestyles and the internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:chVKGmPp_ZcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQkO-h551DKiOdh1b4O-IQZCXtPknte&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=159&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 11 seconds before executing next page

Page: 160
Intelligent E-Health Gateway Based Ubiquitous Healthcare Systems in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:rdhuZoeRyNgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNGGJOrtOoQTCyqOy77EvOGSXC5oU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=160&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

ARM BASED REMOTE MONITORING AND CONTROLSYSTEM FOR ENVIRONMENTAL PARAMETERS IN GREENHOUSE
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:MP-Nc35l0GoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNP7nQ8klQ7hKtmncSzG-9gC_BLlt&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=161&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A policy enforcement framework for Internet of Things applications in the smart health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UNOvo29v_MUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNLi6FkK8rf0Sl6G1hWUWH6M2lODC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=162&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Ontology driven personal health knowledge discovery
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:G8ptvFlGbNEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNMY7f4MCMeDKfr3i4Ow_JLNB6DII&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=163&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Introducing Secure Provenance in IoT: Requirements and Challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:urGY6S0vgBQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNHCO9ynlGVL4QoXiX--7Y238NJQi&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=164&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analog signal compression and multiplexing techniques for healthcare Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cmHjoYrDJQkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNH2m7Xi-niG6kHZq7I2n-K-up1Mg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=165&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

On the integration of cloud computing and internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RrhWXMbF5d0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNH1kupKebySNqyi6jslN08YhrWsR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=166&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cognitive Computing for Big Data Systems Over Iot: Frameworks, Tools and Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:b0kH6Ad3g_4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNDV_EcTD0vAuWwUMamLHU7juCfu8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=167&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cognitive Computing for Big Data Systems Over IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:U1IcPfYrazIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNAnUJx5gnKlhejzJT5SPxdLE4Gs7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=168&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An internet of things for healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:W-sfN3Y79-AJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNK0fCgXkZHnorFOYTs_lz6-7Higp&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=169&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Energy efficient IoT thermometer based on fuzzy logic for fever monitoring
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:dV3gbe5mq_MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNBqYsuwHej0ajxVJV4fm4R9r-lBG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=170&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Future Communication, Information and Computer Science: Proceedings of the 2014 International Conference on Future Communication, Information and …
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:aKOENlWEkZAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNCALQ5uqyHvdiWHyIDVbK9o2YvU4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=171&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Demand Side Management Using the Internet of Energy based on Fog and Cloud Computing
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:FeaJSEKkK4gJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNCFPzxvx9-oLryBPYhLuaU6hcYY9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=172&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Multi criteria assisted context aware vertical hand-over for seamless health-care services in smart city
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ffKoaDzrRGgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNFxksgGKI2xAcDgYGnpHe_jYRS0q&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=173&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Estimating the Spatiotemporal Evolution Characteristics of Diffusive Hazards Using Wireless Sensor Networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:TkLsfvnbahYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNOT1XfhOm_gSb3j-lW3A3FHkVX7W&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=174&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

H-Plane: Intelligent Data Management for Mobile Healthcare Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:A--0lJ3vrYwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlND_Xn6XVmD8QyUjYLLMVwN9OANtL&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=175&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Localized Confident Information Coverage Hole Detection in Internet of Things for Radioactive Pollution Monitoring
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:w8NhoIOazQEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNH8brGu6DKmxgZ1ht1Amwclru5Wu&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=176&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards interactive medical content delivery between simulated body sensor networks and practical data center
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:gKlvx4oV18YJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNAGDih8jXJI9KIrFGrxLIH-NM5KN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=177&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Wearable Computing Healthcare by Smart Band: Based on Fear-Appeal Persuasion
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:nPrjyKo_RhQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNJykEnigk5FmSb9sF8A6x8jzy86U&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=178&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Risk and the Internet of Things: Damocles, Pythia, or Pandora
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:DRn_7pz726MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQlNAbIRq3VokYHRWy5aeXS09KYCEBq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=179&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 9 seconds before executing next page

Page: 180
Privacy-preserving Quantified Self: Secure Sharing and Processing of Encrypted Small Data
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Hivw8HHB040J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJoWbfZEQAm9_vB8UXKVEvAgDIlco&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=180&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Trust visualization for object management in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:XlWU8c2b-KMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJjOmL5Ryvs2d3w79ilV3mvWTBSrc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=181&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of things: The story so far
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yv_l17GSWeAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJrih9KSE2cwGVRx0zwbQAWzAhnt9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=182&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

THE REVIEW OF MOBILE SYSTEMS FOR HEALTHCARE KNOWLEDGE MANAGEMENT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:GPoEVyQ9P6wJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJuWnvKYNBx6-s7PSOH5xWD1Ev7UI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=183&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

iSEE: A Semantic Sensors Selection System for Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0qKZ8_1cmvcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJviykHx3KRG0Ba7HOiIzWDB01QDi&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=184&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A multi-criteria approach toward discovering killer IoT application in Korea
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KHvOlDkHAVkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJrB0bWzG4spVFHJE1OtH_1A0EmrC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=185&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things (IoT) design considerations for developers and manufacturers
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:vnjMfAVAbsIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJr6ctBddjI1HMxVNIZMA-pT5W7fT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=186&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

RF and microwave technology challenges for Internet-of-Things applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:teQxRurv1BgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJoGtkkThwVxO_8YmiMIqH0eQ3LSm&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=187&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A fog based middleware for automated compliance with OECD privacy principles in Internet of healthcare things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4E0LgKLdzoYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJuBHizHUY6SZwdLkekTTwkYrCywz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=188&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cloud-centric IoT based student healthcare monitoring framework
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ilAEGCbE_YAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJjjbnCuWfLEH9iardaSwXrxEDlVQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=189&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A user centric identity management for Internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NQQiP4W75xkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJoV5FJUxrg8zX5I_JsS0KqMD5oEi&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=190&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Interest-aware energy collection &amp; resource management in machine to machine communications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qD9Nf-45Y-oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJiGzJIXxqklXthroxu0-cNQwo5he&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=191&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Interference aware Scheduling of Sensors in IoT enabled Health-care monitoring system
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1cOlAdiJu2oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJtc48JccBi6ImBpSC7711THZm4Te&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=192&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart and Secure Future Health Prediction Using Hadoop
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Im13LfKwAaUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJqAGTZeGYRHxE1s8HNuIR3VXchCn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=193&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT-Based Patient Health Monitoring System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xY9VAGBxEw0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJmsfYIqq4o9d4rCnUOEi_OeE6n2t&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=194&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IOT in Medical
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Pa1cAA7iQQUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJkJErg_rwxVAcxVUHnPOmRAPER-c&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=195&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Big Data Applications in Cancer Research: A Case Study at the Brazilian National Cancer Institute
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:HzIfFMn1ziEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJjPF0WvMw83IcWiy2tv5-a68gg0w&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=196&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Hyperconnected Society and IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yzHKFr36x7kJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJn2vfSqbY7aNMGUPTirtWdwmUnlW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=197&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Identification of key factors in health service adoption based on Internet of things and empirical test
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bhu5F7VAkSIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJjAgzV0TPm6H82z32Y1C1Xj__bhY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=198&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Welcome Message
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:wakeGXrkt9kJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQmJp2VV9PqYjsWIHvAzysexry_1KaH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=199&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 11 seconds before executing next page

Page: 200
SECURITY AND PRIVACY ISSUES IN IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:DS5NGm-WlzYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEIBFpH0uhsbF7g5BtzInJ-pDZ6Pj&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=200&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

FACT: Functionality-centric Access Control System for IoT Programming Frameworks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Ja06HD1onGAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEA8UuCVs6_F3A8A-seF-4oJ9AtAm&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=201&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A system engineering approach to the implementation of the Internet of Things (IoT) in a country
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UKHQHfZo3hAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEGdzCzVXr_7jy0QynVGT8qxSvUhW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=202&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

THE INTERNET OF THINGS IN HEALTH CARE
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lOc3H5kXCRYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEOnYlMwS-zMdqeiEu3TIERZcjExE&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=203&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design and Experimental Verification of a 0.19 V 53 μW 65 nm CMOS Integrated Supply-Sensing Sensor With a Supply-Insensitive Temperature Sensor and an …
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9N3WIaXL6G8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEPFSS5dy0RYbrlqstPKQCLicIdIs&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=204&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Events highlight healthcare, medical applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Ugh0KwoxdhIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEDb0w-SHbJTjjkw7ud9wZhpJXlkG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=205&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Intelligent support system for e-Health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:J1r1LW3UFFYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEIFhFWIDxmeUSjIYAmW0gpMq2R9G&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=206&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Class-constrained Transfer LDA for Cross-view Action Recognition in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:U9IRLrdmi8AJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEKKA_Lu5vmaOT0vbS6sge9UhYn1Y&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=207&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Parkurbike: An IoT-based system for bike parking occupation checking
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:20WDOI8LynIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEJgq0lnq4-PloiaWGaRkzYarz-F0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=208&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Trust management for reliable decision making among social objects in the Social Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RqV7PyHvWYUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnECIq_AT9VGQolspMgfx7xJ1yHMRl&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=209&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Protein Quantitative Trait Loci (pQTLs)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4CyfQDjpo_EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEDGDyEqxHG5Jup6jeZH133h1Tlfo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=210&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Introduction to Large-Scale Distributed Computing in Smart Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6Wj-QErg6oIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEHSE4m81C830tAwgCo_EtJ8L6SrB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=211&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Security of Internet of Things: Current State and Future Directions
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cUogRavuRdUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEDqLsHe-fpcXFKlVoHHVWdorxOcn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=212&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Investigation of the Internet of Things in its Application to Low-cost Authentication within Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:JLFeRZ5ZgQIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEFlFzBJPz-qblfVluSzFZ_KU_RAh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=213&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Innovation in Advanced Communication Systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:O2qQRbursfAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEGg7O7mT8zSKLqehS5fSk4Tqs8KF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=214&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Era of Internet of Thing‟ s (IOT) and Its Challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ejFVR6LSvr4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnECFbI150UagTStMgVlERrryoKtHE&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=215&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

I'm in! Towards participatory healthcare of elderly through IOT.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IrOcS38nwqAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEOPCtXH5U9GbpH8V5KKogHmtr7o4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=216&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Ubiquitous Heart Disease Detection System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:DDz1Uig0HIUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEJIgSdv-vogV9dzPEf3oFrgbPTVW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=217&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

and Technology (FCST-2017), Exeter, England, UK, 21-23 June 2017]
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:G9OFVtsFmeEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnEAC2GPmukMMVgkQ2KEQLtIF02yWQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=218&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Electronic National Unified Medical Records and Application of Telemedicine
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Vno_V1sg0xcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQnECwDwbMvm3GVRqrzrJjkz3Xtdc2y&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=219&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 14 seconds before executing next page

Page: 220
Big Data and IoT for U-healthcare Security
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6Zc_WEtRfOUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAjwNFfpiUC4mKqj3zIjIltpLcuG3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=220&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Developing the IoT to Support the Health Sector: A Case Study from Kikwit, DR Congo
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SK-nWjc29qYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAgicPw9QU3uznHL8bsHA8TvKPLJ9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=221&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Personalized Health Tracking with Edge Computing Technologies
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YnRuXWp2sLQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAts5PX4XDDT_-0bAVE1kN18rK_wN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=222&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Architecture of a Web of Things eHealth framework for the support of users with chronic diseases
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cPVuXdwN2TcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAkSApryUNgLx46s0goDfL1Qd4vNB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=223&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

This site will look much better in a browser that supports web standards, but it is accessible to any browser or Internet device.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PxBwXwaPLV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAlUJ6pOddC7i5MYpym_inh1eEdyN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=224&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Data Processing in E-Health System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:OcmEYL2zdg4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAocJAzsdp-tzmdI3bBEPjOyioNZC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=225&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Survey on the Applications of IoT in Health Care
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CtwgY6xu4GMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAkpRZEqaudl8QxhgPhjzKq2SGSph&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=226&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Study on Redesigning Modern Healthcare Using Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Z6dqaVZiRqQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAjERVyNXpcTWshPxeDPbtFl1tHLW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=227&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design and development of Android-based cloud ECG monitoring system
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9hP7ajGpdssJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAhj9iBhUkBcERjS_bDi6CBhKAC5R&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=228&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Workload Characterization for the Internet of Medical Things (IoMT)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RBosbGEX84AJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAl-cBox_x1crY7kVHjX_23oXma97&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=229&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design and Development of Non-Invasive Kiosk for Self-Care Health Management
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:egpqcXJXhNgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAvpxX_Gp2kvKbZoFj1f8tiLWj_d8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=230&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT-Based Smart Health Unit.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Zrd2cZ_IFksJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAi903Bztz-k6VDzVBtUEOTJbBIS5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=231&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT &amp; Cloud Server Based Wearable Health Monitoring System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:X5xhfFTWD4UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAoS_bewolDZi5ieTacXT_IlV6e-K&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=232&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A printable conductive polymer CO2 sensor with high selectivity to humidity
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:d18agpG1UiYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAoVOUsNJDjHB5I52TjbRNDAJpUTY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=233&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Interns
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:5De6hNhLDZkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAr626nwN0aur9nC6f_q70ghQoAGZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=234&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Collaboration Management System between the Device based on Machine Socialization
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qyQYhmtmpTsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAvn39hhRwGWf_DLuTMImrSQ6QGX-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=235&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Privacy and Security in Connected Vehicles Ecosystems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:b1Wuh9oMreIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAqOcihKq5l9mRWh3n5tb2AOhRCfO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=236&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things: Benefits and Risk of Smart Healthcare Application
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:vQZHiRkLEIoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAnyXTg7E3B1GM53qLD1q_YaU_wdz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=237&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A 3-dimensional view model of IoT-empowered business model engineering towards borderless business reengineering
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:54L2iYWWLKgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAtVuztZv7l1kTPn2NpXdLcf61jWM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=238&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart genetics for smarter health-an innovation proposal to improve wellness and health care in the cities of the future
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LNW1i64BgUUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQoAtq8XGTeK5fFMsrK8s6VZdAaXFR3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=239&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 12 seconds before executing next page

Page: 240
Middleware and communication technologies for structural health monitoring of critical infrastructures: A survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yKKnkpHNupEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_WwYvDC-7ZGVEr-f6rGGXZTbN8oc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=240&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Stakeholder Identification and Use Case Representation for Internet-of-Things Applications in Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eR2PmqZ8f9sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_Q5QgG1682Lh-P8ve1ereFQL41ox&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=241&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Heterogeneous Integration of Boost Power Supply and On-Chip Solar Cell using triple well CMOS Process
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Kv1CnPCB0mEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_WDeJKOxwxDfTCP4CZPoicProTQQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=242&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Health Smart Home with IoT–A State of Art Survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:v9WcnIB8SLEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_XUrO2f5TcAMY2Ynky05BdEu_ts_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=243&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Keynote speech 3: Recent medical applications of electromagnetic waves
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:K6TXnRJA7PYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_f3ZsZxA5hsAEHn9tY1qsnZoBKm4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=244&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Healthcare Security System using IP Hiding methods
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kPiaoKMrwHoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_Sn3f9yr8tXNmPkhwymGjl2WrUH8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=245&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smartphone based automatic organ validation in ultrasound video
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:A5fAoZVjZgkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_VwXHBnHUS_qvH1x00UfCUbMUwKp&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=246&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

MEDICINE SPOTTER FOR VISUALLY IMPAIRED
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ZT4sqEtvpeoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_aYuRpLPUjBPz7ECwx5NipvKXJyy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=247&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

THE INTERLINK BETWEEN RFID OF THINGS AND INTERNET OF DOMESTIC THINGS
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:55tsqA35DVcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_RT8crmr3bvb6apyST8pJQW-U0bO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=248&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Comparative study of techniques used in health care monitoring using mining mechanism
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2CzhsJlKivQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_QuOxkDgIYdUNKam0cciOC4itNC5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=249&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Sensor data validation and abnormal behavior detection in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7mlvv-n4XdYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_QwP-sZINFjtvasd2AxNssOU451G&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=250&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

INTERNET OF THINGS (IoT) MOBILITY SUPPORT BASED ON DISTRIBUTED SENSOR PROXY MIPV6.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:_pYtxIceV7oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_QjF0Hvoah9tQfe3geeaRqsFHUDc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=251&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Keynote: Wearable and IoT for cognitive health assessment: Significance and challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ZdR-xHuDJ8AJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_alrifTYCkJ60WMVPKy90iuS0uPh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=252&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things for Health: Japanese Consumers' Needs for Preventive Healthcare Products
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PhSyx7-xK1sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_Yyij1dTqYBUI7e5MY0DxkMkcZOQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=253&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Low Power Minimal Error IEEE 802.15. 4 Transceiver for Heart Monitoring in IoT Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eEukyWzf68wJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_cxPT5Z0qhdqJCrpqJCBN-NZ7-57&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=254&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things in healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:tKKCzNCo7BAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_b7JfKgu7br8is5L3_UXtw7X5bVr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=255&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Developing the IoT to Support the Health Sector: A Case Study from Kikwit, DR Congo
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SuDIzGtcxdAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_RN_KlWZRXPVr5m06OwGF3JOMtd8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=256&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

SAFER: An IoT-Based Perpetual Safe Community Awareness and Alerting Network
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:I3c8zTg8Bq4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_QlLn7AqBWoo8bUUjKqMw76RCEF8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=257&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Software Product Line for IoT Enabled Healthcare Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:c2TvzXcRNJkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_UmoXOM8Xgc8tQKX0VEY_E4hJVlr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=258&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

HOME AUTOMATION: PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IhXS0VNK9XAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQo_f63RZzWlW6pTAWN3z23TIUCAqd1&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=259&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 11 seconds before executing next page

Page: 260
Privacy in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:q6x005uRXiEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4r3EzhqhO-6Hb6NRjsjaHHEM5Ypl&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=260&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A zero human-intervention provisioning for industrial IoT devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:JFxK2Fo9iM0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4iFPFeF0NSNDyKaDQ42Zqv4VMJb4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=261&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A COLLABORATIVE APPROACH TO MANAGE AND SHARE ELDERLY BIOMEDICAL INFORMATION
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WHnQ3jw-gP4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4nxGedGAtUb8EG2NMWycq7aIq9QH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=262&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Effects of Cyber-Security on Healthcare Industry
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Dpgv44kmrGoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4tyJw5PHdrXJdzTB5eIhaNkGp5Sh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=263&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Local Medical And Panel Committees
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:45FL51Ta1coJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4uflhEMSKEf1G-8Bt44CclKz5KaC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=264&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things in Healthcare: A Survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:j5CX6QJ2MRUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4s4reozs-t8lIBDywX9_vmHXebXq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=265&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Secure and Efficient Mutual Authentication Hand-off Protocol for Sensor Device Support in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Da3r6fcVRIwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4gIc8gJFuqy9ytijHl7nagSPZrlQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=266&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Assessment of e-readiness for IoT adoption in Zimbabwean Hospitals: A Case of Chitungwiza Hospital
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Zf6L6t08PfIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4n1oZjtQ8TC4jz3nIWyYeo04tgrH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=267&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Jlcm70t6raUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4jstGBM-vSNsZoMlR0fljtqV5vSx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=268&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things (IoT)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9toN8cgv58AJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4hEHpNloLw_WNS97df0S6vF2F501&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=269&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Zayneb Trabelsi Ayoub and Sofiane Ouni
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:AQOf9ZoejPMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4oZJp-oWf10-83gs8yixgvNuZjUo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=270&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Developing a compact multiple laser diode combiner with a single fiber stub output for handheld IoT devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Qpif-3Kaw4EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQp4jfdEwAymjeYo8V1qLVrPdKC-bJd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=271&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 260
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=260&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Privacy in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:q6x005uRXiEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-hu0dnuT5Pdupt3lHAgnNu4aoBV4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=260&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A zero human-intervention provisioning for industrial IoT devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:JFxK2Fo9iM0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-pceAXow53Jzpa8kVGyLIcRvMGf_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=261&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A COLLABORATIVE APPROACH TO MANAGE AND SHARE ELDERLY BIOMEDICAL INFORMATION
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WHnQ3jw-gP4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-gE8lj9jHMGK_8ldgPXQgP1y8xZD&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=262&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Effects of Cyber-Security on Healthcare Industry
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Dpgv44kmrGoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-g8gGjOf2rKwPmlwLYjJLpRbjroU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=263&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Local Medical And Panel Committees
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:45FL51Ta1coJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-m_wOksJqp880RLdSBy-U_c4VS20&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=264&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things in Healthcare: A Survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:j5CX6QJ2MRUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-oU0LIqX9PkVd2eoqDNGJuq-5hV5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=265&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Secure and Efficient Mutual Authentication Hand-off Protocol for Sensor Device Support in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Da3r6fcVRIwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-uJP2WwOeH60gxkp67lc_Wf22qtH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=266&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Assessment of e-readiness for IoT adoption in Zimbabwean Hospitals: A Case of Chitungwiza Hospital
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Zf6L6t08PfIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-oDzKi1l11rObTdOHS7sQbOC4lvS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=267&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Jlcm70t6raUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-udwK9NZNTWs0SSnnrby9uvqE0QM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=268&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things (IoT)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9toN8cgv58AJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-ia0gEt8rEwAWlo2YZZca8H_pVgA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=269&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Zayneb Trabelsi Ayoub and Sofiane Ouni
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:AQOf9ZoejPMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-nBuj5qDvCKwXkzC98vmrZ7xCEbU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=270&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Developing a compact multiple laser diode combiner with a single fiber stub output for handheld IoT devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Qpif-3Kaw4EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-jLmkDoDvZz_SI4x1UbGSRGgfQSN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=271&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Deploying Mobile Middleware for the Monitoring of Elderly People with the Internet of Things: A Case Study
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:jxEHcd2kg4sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-k55ZizPZkdQhGgBKwKIZGh7iRex&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=272&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The internet of things in healthcare: An overview
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:nADSRw2PCB4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-hD-CvfvWCKno4tX08ZB3f7d3ut_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=273&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Advanced query model design concept to support multi-dimensional data analytics for relational database management systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UTcO7EddPBEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-pzmvKZ2QxL3i-is3RcrOfvmu9UB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=274&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Introduction to Internet and its Challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CWAy5f5TYuYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-q2WG3hguCgwXTx80HQT1vsMutw9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=275&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Objects Presence Facilitation in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KcztKklnzQgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-ptW0X0-boLCOLRuL8oGnsHp0XOZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=276&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Effective ways to use Internet of Things in the field of medical and smart health care
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:99_j6WeWKcoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-r7zynoaRXpeXZ3ml5o1XvbtlZ9n&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=277&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security Framework for Managing Data Security within Point of Care Tests
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IoPJqZ6x3LkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-uMP0AnF7H1xkJJx2IRZ_ywgrbE0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=278&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT based biometrics implementation on Raspberry Pi
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hXlBdUT59okJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQw-q7JOtRlqYUeIElpav7bfBvKf7Dy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=279&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 10 seconds before executing next page

Page: 280
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=280&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Rapid prototyping Internet of Things solutions through a model-driven approach: A case study in AAL
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:d-WzkSsc7V0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx4_kdBK7pJGPrvO_3Wvyq3eE7Nef0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=280&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Poster: Demultiplexing Activities of Daily Living and Reducing Overhead of Storage in IoT enabled Smarthomes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:L7X10g_2OFYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx46VYv4gVuf-65MrxfomTOQrPrL0l&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=281&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Always connected: The security challenges of the healthcare Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:oGTiwoHExcMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx43vwYTAC8qSaa2q4LUQGR4iGd81F&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=282&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

End-to-End QoS Specification and Monitoring in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qFguUVPOavUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx45iZusQlk8wrey5Lv4vSNhYFqGkT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=283&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Reality check: is the world really getting smart?
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9qvmjw0ysXIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx41cFJZmer3Bqx2KuL57Dl8mJ_OST&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=284&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Portable Medical Records Using Internet of Things for Medical Devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Bj5Y90H8G8UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx46DXPhkH05em05uRdQHoRp3vgkei&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=285&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Miniaturized antenna and transponder based wireless sensors for internet of things in healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qHt2Pz4cUX8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx454wciOrFtHVNYVlmnpFKom7eG6X&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=286&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Convergence of Wireless Sensor Networks, Internet of Things, Big Data: Challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:JQOKXirmEZIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx43-Ia9EFpbC9a8ADJVC2uftAzjaB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=287&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Challenges and features of IoT communications in 5G networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:m6uEN665dtIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx48YApYVEwAVmQHplb1LCu5wCO4Nr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=288&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things The Next Frontier of a Networked Community
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SDWeSI7EDysJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx49010FGsDangEKLiIJc5chuobcdT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=289&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Genre of Applications Requiring the Use of IoT in Day-to-Day Life
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bdS7VA73d90J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx40fGfWYMglPV5OSVcjqOvf3GlJaX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=290&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security and privacy considerations for IoT application on smart grids: Survey and research challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:du47H-JAQrkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx4zPulW5aRGoGaPQtOYJI2aPyYqhM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=291&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Major Existing Classification Matrices and Future Directions for Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:02fef-2vtqEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx463QNzrPEgh9Y-xNhmWbMYbpHHu7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=292&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Blockchain technology innovations
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LuqmPMQFNtEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx42feep4fy4sYcSRtAg-OWhY0dOOg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=293&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Building Caring Healthcare Systems in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:3QaOB_SVt98J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx484FsxNyx-3zVEbn5ZmRnUg8xSFK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=294&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IMPACT OF INTERNET OF THINGS (IoT) ON PEOPLE WORKING IN NAIROBI CENTRAL BUSINESS DISTRICT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:8v2omT7GuKYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx488VD0yLBT8VN3GvICvQN4V7KNOC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=295&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards adaptive cryptography and security with software defined platforms
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:XxYU5-K9uigJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx47rgeGW6a2SgnX6XSEV74u59iCN0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=296&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Communication Challenges in on-Body and Body-to-Body Wearable Wireless Networks—A Connectivity Perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IN84Ww2n7-YJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx4-Q8_vdCgfqew0FateTQ7UpwRKdI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=297&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Imprint cytology of high‐grade immature ovarian teratoma: A case report, literature review, and distinction from other ovarian small round cell tumors
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:p5fq5u1UeUoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx4y4VPQhrgMD8cf2hKGnyEWugC_HJ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=298&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Reliability of IoT-Aware BPMN Healthcare Processes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:D9loREjbq5kJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQx47MpLZH7rgVgebTBIizu7KlBi9fR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=299&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 9 seconds before executing next page

Page: 300
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=300&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Survey Based Analysis of Internet of Things Based Architectural Framework for Hospital Management System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RoKLf8H3nvwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQyu3mpV2WGz_Vi1IqfJX_GVqjSfgLI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=300&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IOT Based HealthCare Remote Monitoring and Context-aware Appointment System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:TmFlDSOk1H8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQyu40GFCEeC14wQEvrYqCVMc0swiXN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=301&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Ubiquitous Computing and Ambient Intelligence: 11th International Conference, UCAmI 2017, Philadelphia, PA, USA, November 7–10, 2017, Proceedings
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qz1Nvq4e8isJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQyu5j8o_4FL3wc0jzERjIMZQa-lTF0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=302&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 300
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=300&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Survey Based Analysis of Internet of Things Based Architectural Framework for Hospital Management System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RoKLf8H3nvwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6MNPh8Tk4lVxtobNM45-qUeefdTDv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=300&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IOT Based HealthCare Remote Monitoring and Context-aware Appointment System
Page: 300
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=300&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Survey Based Analysis of Internet of Things Based Architectural Framework for Hospital Management System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RoKLf8H3nvwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RMIHyddcEhRx8IVQ6vNaZRtkF2Ja&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=300&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IOT Based HealthCare Remote Monitoring and Context-aware Appointment System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:TmFlDSOk1H8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RDxJGag-GW0ueUYEh09rxIE3g6--&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=301&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Ubiquitous Computing and Ambient Intelligence: 11th International Conference, UCAmI 2017, Philadelphia, PA, USA, November 7–10, 2017, Proceedings
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qz1Nvq4e8isJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RB8DnZfW9OzFVI98beZbdEOFKVUk&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=302&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An iot architecture for homebased elderly healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NxM93qaQXj0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RNAwEmwYUU_2dJYTD2Alz86MWfe7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=303&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

CONTEXTUAL VARIABILITY MANAGEMENT OF IOT APPLICATION WITH XML-BASED FEATURE MODELLING.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:glIChu-iCigJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RKc8jBTDNODdIoVof0BfJnKkfLCs&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=304&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Development and testing of a platform aimed at pervasive monitoring of indoor environment and building energy
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7yKLgdI2mXIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RB6cyFN3QW-M2gd3q9q3Oz27yVaZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=305&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A 20/20 vision of Internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:JIvU88e4moUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RUZvOoMFqO4taK2gdt58l8P6EQVR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=306&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Remote health care cyber-physical system: quality of service (QoS) challenges and opportunities
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:zbF91X_sPrYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RZ_Jdn4mTvqq9rDIX7gge0xM6F8x&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=307&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Rise of Internet of Things (IoT) in Big Healthcare Data: Review and Open Research Issues
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:AGU5Yxlu7MYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RdYeOnunLoDyS4yNS3-5Xsg64QRG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=308&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

How IoT Can Significantly Improve Healthcare in the Context of Smart City
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:gfhAUjjDeooJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RVxIUT3Fxt0lRO0ISu35H9lLv-8f&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=309&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Guest editorial introduction to the special section: 4G health—the long-term evolution of m-health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SsWOgc50powJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RbzOvvGXuQII9kRjDxsk1wrsqatw&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=310&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The state of affairs in internet of things research
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Oi6NDsUtNooJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RaJu1UWA4VFxTBtFp3Ro3ub8ZSVW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=311&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things Can Bring Smart Everything to the World
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:GILaRbTvbAwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RXtg6a4zt4cMWrPz8S42Zg3P6DV6&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=312&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Optimization and Control of Medical Industry Resources using Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:slBFIfXbtccJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6Re062nFS2Y1fs5aBwf2mYQR-EsFX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=313&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

''WE HAVE PROBLEMS FOR SOLUTIONS": THE STATE OF CYBERSECURITY IN BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6Hj2d9X1TK0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RfUl_yfrhWdWRiPpFQbwFpG7Es04&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=314&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Berlin Tapes: A conversation between Jayne Wallace, Jon Rogers and Justin Marshall
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:nlIPWlB_j-sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RTMHthIA-RXWqI-PKmn69PzCi1co&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=315&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure Synthesis of IoT via Readers-Writers Flow Model
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PWLwJ_d2hNUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RX5GWrMAylKqHks5K3f9kG2T1L0K&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=316&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey of routing and data dissemination in delay tolerant networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:dBSEW4ysfbgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RbkXN1NjMy-BICxdhlLwddNp-jPY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=317&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Human Bond Communications in Health: Ethical and Legal Issues
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9MBt8whtHrQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RdfwBudv-2F3fwf_7uJcqeNm5ZwM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=318&hl=en
Bibtex could not be downloaded
Adopting the internet of things technologies in health care systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6gMpTKRvZ7gJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ6RZyL_oE5FZsgcEEdX-glfdwgyhRa&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=319&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 13 seconds before executing next page

Page: 320
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=320&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
RECENT TRENDS AND ISSUES IN IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:nbtTTne9-00J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bd7W2uxag7rPIPD5RKBJjjjMINnY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=320&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

AN ANALYTICAL REVIEW OF IoT BASED ON BIOMETRICS AND WSN
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IOXU2_3PsmQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bY0ZCe_p4e0QCm4pO0M_mpZ8Kypb&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=321&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IReHMo: An efficient IoT-based remote health monitoring system for smart regions
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:uXXx8MnkQ54J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bc2WTpKBQuf8GUovpbjryd2Kl3A9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=322&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Securing the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:L8Fu67FRKF4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bV7iXYpgCtSMFxVzxqIcDb0vGsKs&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=323&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Energy-efficient content-based routing in internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:A-Rp3jkfxpgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bS7YWKGcmJdYVihTNBQGPxVO-p84&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=324&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Software-defined networks with mobile edge computing and caching for smart cities: A big data deep reinforcement learning approach
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6G1U3S91LjoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bVyp_ogmkWM8jPDI0hYszV6UiRjm&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=325&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING SCIENCES &amp; RESEARCH TECHNOLOGY SURVEY OF REAL-TIME HEALTHCARE
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qnyC4J8H5BsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bblQRZLTMae7-Mw48Pn6IA5WCrcO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=326&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

SMART HOME SYSTEM USING IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cwO7UCTaFwYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bZem39e9yUUrEmaQnfYg77s81Wkd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=327&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Geoblood: a web based tool for geo-analysis of biological data
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:T18iuTJ2R-MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bQihUakxrwLD4pDNHjXydxEgmuc4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=328&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

M-Caemon: Modified Cloud Access Execution and Monitoring for Big Data Analytics of Health Sensor System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yGKFgwevxbsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bbQByd0CxSkq-dwmLdrKuMlwSqfS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=329&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

INTERNET OF THINGS (IOT) AND ITS APPLICATIONS
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hxj18MxxpZgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7baOhRUP3c1kEblvVdSENjl-NDsU7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=330&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Multimodal Low-Invasive System for Sleep Quality Monitoring and Improvement
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9s24nBzmtt8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bVR3kRHA9wry7GXfxOkPeeT7vVqz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=331&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Intelligent Personal Health Devices Converged with Internet of Things Networks.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:POujhNcDB0wJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bfsQVhmLTQ-JhLLMs-xWNV1zwgYa&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=332&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

On Pervasive Health Information Systems in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kfUG52iPGYoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bWhLdhft5I6MxD5Ryo2nL2yp6HtK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=333&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Digital Revolution: Internet of Things, 5G, and Beyond.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:MTjkE78pQb0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bXIj2GiW1qovhpPLBiH6xlhZPA7o&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=334&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey on big data and internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eIiIsd6WhKQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bZzZ0l1xCqKAlQY_e2DBVQ4-ZIR5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=335&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Wear it well
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NJCZLgVXFloJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bdsVhNUMhCXPHSRQUEaAyRDzaMGK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=336&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Hadoop-Based Intelligent Care System (HICS): Analytical approach for big data in IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:mCy497g1fXwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bZ3nzSUND1KQVjIiMizP-ZN-edgY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=337&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

SAFE AND SOUND: ADDRESSING THE RISKS OF HEALTH CARE IN A CONNECTED WORLD
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:x-ZFNZM9L5wJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bU88qSCnG8zXa84aSQZsMrEHCW4f&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=338&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A cloud you can wear: Towards a mobile and wearable personal cloud
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:wVZh5Qz0MmIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ7bdd3f7Kxmars_j9VPamPkZ8Tud1Y&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=339&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 13 seconds before executing next page

Page: 340
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=340&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Interoperability as a property of ubiquitous healthcare systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Wp-PZ5f807oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kpuGiMAeas8SNexoJ36U_iS4y2mt&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=340&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The state of international internet of things research
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:mMnTUlGKijwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kjDN_COVMQ8k-F8TpIrkAZQWmNYh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=341&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Perspectives through Social Media Analysis
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cwKDftNSYeUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8krrighJwzN8VsJvEKFD-8nEn88W1&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=342&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Telecommunication integration in e‐healthcare: technologies, applications and challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4VtWKHLurA4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8ktaLzFbaf9nxZ8koIzSb0yPIyv_w&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=343&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

On Pervasive Healthcare Information Systems in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eK6jYvfJMOkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8krcxIqSHhcLIvOya6WvS67dzhO1W&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=344&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things and libraries
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:25bwvLA1Hz0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8km0PEkif8YOE3Dh70aPE2hG_gTj5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=345&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Algorithm for 3D orientation estimation based on Kalman Filter and Gradient Descent
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:naiQKzlWHIEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8krhQM_e2xsQtYCe7r-wUVFs7QMcd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=346&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A comprehensive study of security of internet-of-things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UjifG3nnLjMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kmrM45pZ0RZejGYgYzHYWpggoTol&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=347&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Wellness sensors and proprietary protocols, a solution for health monitoring?
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:AO248NGfa8QJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kkbXcpAHJbi-DN0UMTNFm-vSRTif&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=348&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An overview and concerns on IoT in healthcare applications: the role of AI and pattern recognition
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:oN8LjXl1oykJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8ks5BXgAYeJbXmqFaKvHbdZNwQDkG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=349&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

COLLECT: COLLaborativE ConText-aware service oriented architecture for intelligent decision-making in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:mKQg2v0lSsIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kjgT_tmJybW5MydYHAVOmmoB3ZTy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=350&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security and Vulnerability in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:dnGiZ0xBlC4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kkWJLg0eiOKaixGvdEwLgkbEchUd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=351&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things driven connected healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:mREJASQfTRoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kpJhu-jCJ08lFB1kZ6vYQjOs5WHI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=352&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cloud-assisted industrial internet of things (iiot)–enabled framework for health monitoring
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:knn5qBKi084J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kvnkfk6FXExixxHcZDESacmD24dG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=353&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Overview and Concerns on IoT in Healthcare Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CMq1520UTikJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8khNlwSZ-M0vKU09H-m1hBLT1FYBe&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=354&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An open platform for seamless sensor support in healthcare for the internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9IfBdNC_nVMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kslkRL6WmuMUJb44cFgGlmJos95s&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=355&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Flexible Devices for Arctic Ecosystems Observations
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:GMrbwXkSZCYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kqihd1J_oxZ3a7pbigelwL4WYqvo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=356&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

TCCN Newsletter
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KjW_p-bFLO8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kpV5GFbyxI7Pp8LJSIOyMHoFtluo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=357&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Scenario-based Vulnerability Analysis in IoT-based Patient Monitoring System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:iGOLWSS0i0UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kkO5i5XoKND4QUXaezAWSlXom1Jz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=358&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Event-Driven SOA-Based IoT Architecture
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:rTG11LF5KnYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ8kmRuRHEwWMhAmnosoiIgd3YkSlNW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=359&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 12 seconds before executing next page

Page: 360
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=360&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Transforming healthcare through Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QK7DnJ8e9PgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sAX1ahqV-mJcVg7oN3RGQlX12RNO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=360&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Validity of Biosignal Processing System based on Haar Transform in IoT Application
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6fxEvH7Kl20J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sFKXrpa8kJEH1Uz75YtwzGzTe_-i&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=361&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Integrated acceptance and sustainability evaluation of Internet of Medical Things: A dual-level analysis
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:HeZwVbf451IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sEIW5ZIoh01jboAcoBlLevu1JjON&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=362&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Wearable technology: role in respiratory health and disease
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:_FZOJgjifIsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sLAXhky2guU7FMA7OHsN2rOj1XaS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=363&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design and Evaluation of a Person-Centric Heart Monitoring System over Fog Computing Infrastructure
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PIGXwML6y2oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sORCiO8UKKfrYO9f_2uKrZhYbi3N&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=364&hl=en
Bibtex could not be downloaded
An unsolicited heat stroke alert system for the elderly
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hxl2RLY_8dgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sKJxquEFPWCtRqZm1vU15219dSZk&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=365&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Structured approach for describing healthcare applications for the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ocrcIz5A0pYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sK65RiliMbgz09QnDOBJUTWBWFy-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=366&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Healthcare Services: A patient oriented cloud computing solution
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:EzWvRAGqs_kJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sKnd-74Cpt-r9qLdPNI9ATEfLXLX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=367&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Distributed Security Scheme to Secure Data Communication between Class-0 IoT Devices and the Internet
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:3tY-L6WQQ64J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sDtA-jvYpj4mZW8KxbFU2pfrSPO_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=368&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Brain's Introduction to the Internet of Things (For Neuromancer)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:sO9acXgQTA0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sM_RnIhRO7tWOefEWDbagxmk6w5F&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=369&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A privacy protection mechanism for numerical control information in Internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:iI_wlVCVpLMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sN5Vh3TwWkAykaeIKmL06MeKCfrN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=370&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Internet of Things (IoT) Application for Predicting the Quantity of Future Heart Attack Patients
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:TjngbynVCPwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sLVEOnEifDMO-9IIjQ2JOfKwxZ5F&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=371&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Home Automation Using IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6A3-I9fMtaIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sG0AJcGRFXeazpqULzsr6iPRayjP&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=372&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things (IoT) based smart environment integrating various business applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Ct_YypSPQfMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sAGPhlMKPB8x-q0A6cCQDaBIQxH_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=373&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Human Tagging
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:rBEDRa0JtSIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sMt7xAfTdidp5xKJ43fG2rWXfz36&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=374&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design of a situation aware service for internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9ZytwUZXBGIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sOqb4VAkGCOQk22y7rYjlGXwS0Jt&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=375&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things: Convenience vs. privacy and secrecy
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qCyXMAOV-NoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sAJJwylzx62zrXxOwbR-OuuTVvdS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=376&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Real time intelligent image processing system with high speed secured Internet of Things: Image processor with IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:r1dBq930bZ8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sMRPwWRCshwlhMMkQU9CCxbExJi_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=377&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT Communication Protocols in Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qtXRyE2yBYEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sFx3Q11po4d7eU7WIp3CXMBFBg-G&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=378&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Blood pressure estimation using photoplethysmography with telemedicine application
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:FWFDEOi3ooQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ9sBs7e3-IvPQAcNmn5zp7OAAUNfyT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=379&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 11 seconds before executing next page

Page: 380
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=380&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Application of ZigBee and RFID Technologies in Healthcare in Conjunction with the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:45QrJtggbuwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sj4I74IVcl7IQEr3FQRG0B_XE04U&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=380&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Microlocation for internet-of-things-equipped smart buildings
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KtbiqGzKlJAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sjXVQzBYePvbDBrkQq77VgR1AE3V&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=381&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Application of Technologies in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hfMA6fwUf0MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sjkhdTmIP_wP81hTyMPojwS1j1IU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=382&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IOT in Healthcare: A Study
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:8JSPAd-95GgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-si3U69cLpmYRWHa4NLhVQ09wAgGZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=383&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Social Internet of Things in Healthcare: From Things to Social Things in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:c5Uq1Z__n5wJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sguzHYkeukfPqXc1LJsKBXcaIv0R&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=384&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A real-time monitoring system for Hospital Acquired Infection prevention (Sistem de monitorizare în timp real pentru prevenirea infecţiilor intraspitaliceṣti)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0xhT3EA4610J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sjJ2N9xW7hQlumIBcZW8G4Bj4UmE&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=385&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Norms and standards in modular medical architectures
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:OXDv8qKEfiEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sovZn3pP9zkK5S6wN_0NMNABMfPy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=386&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design and implementation of interoperable IoT healthcare system based on international standards
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:81TnMv96uWIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-svUWkF3PKaUwtESa1CP_-c07YOtC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=387&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Upgraded application of Intelligent environment monitoring system in IOT Smart Home
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qpNhXbTaopgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-soWQ_xXAgdt0L6rw3GCQ71ZD5HKW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=388&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Deterrence Impact Modeling Environment (DIME) Proof-of-Concept Test Evaluations and Findings
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:G8WtQFb_nHIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-smue7ZaJH2VOfKwY261AJA_is1A4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=389&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Introductory Chapter: Time Series Analysis (TSA) for Anomaly Detection in IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hU6QXl1ypxkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sqRKqaBOv3JjK9viOVNPsBr2wPJi&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=390&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Ieee 11073 and connected health: Preparing personal health devices for the internet
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:g58EZls4pqcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sigOpfp-lK7ZXnnmNVmsIq4NsVav&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=391&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

D8. 2 Standardization Report
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:wvwZZ5laUMUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-svAjS-j-DSRNQNVf0QuAye-NPSf7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=392&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Healthcare: Basic health check-up and monitoring system for elderly
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1FNBledAqIIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-svvnK5JP7ftI7O084lbedjkQAu1Y&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=393&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Interconnected Personal Health Record Ecosystem Using IoT Cloud Platform and HL7 FHIR
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Q8W4unz65IQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-suHD2CzIHCh4CUvF-H4gKWYDCQ9j&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=394&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Digital health and digital biomarkers–enabling value chains on health data
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YgqG3W01STwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-spncreBfZHaD7N4zQYgAOyYaQySw&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=395&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Hadoop Mapreduce OpenCL Plugin
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:e-LJ7886gboJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-svTsYN-0rY8rq_mbh8vquP7YukqM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=396&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

New system-in-package (SiP) integration technologies
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QUIawXMRIUoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sshXfsb0Ay8KYdTgeP5J1KJ-u_I8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=397&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Exponential Technologies+ Reverse Innovation= Solution for future healthcare issues? What does it mean for uni-versity education and entrepreneurial …
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:y3aLtmtgrmwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-sgPc2Jbt9iG_udzUnx2miuRy0Y1a&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=398&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The State of the Art and Cutting Edge in the Field of Internet of Things (IoT): An Independent Study
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xa40jf8ljPUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ-spTc6m4wCte3RuOOdnpE1fYZH2_P&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=399&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 15 seconds before executing next page

Page: 400
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=400&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
THE INTERNET OF THINGS: A CAUSE FOR ETHICAL CONCERN.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:64g-OAMsufIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vkNZsaR9e0lm2Dyh5SnyVKC-EfyQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=400&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT in Medical Analytics: Technological Advancement for Health Management
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:w5wFOlTJoAQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vi5GRiQzV_SQGOrkE1bmPScozuh9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=401&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Health monitoring and management using Internet-of-Things (IoT) sensing with cloud-based processing: Opportunities and challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7prjf0Yy-70J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_voYjuoYcSNiA7kJy0ZyaLoSMzOt5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=402&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT Contextual Factors on Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:pjmWFtQAPXIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vrVkCuE7ggnsGtIxIpC4l0szNVlO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=403&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet Of Things And Romanian Management
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BTY3EJesiFQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vkhnE5pOD-c35YyVgk5AbU5AQ2cK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=404&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

7.1 Assistive IoT and Smart Environments: Where They Stand
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IhblZBNFbvsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vp6IglI9RLWdC--MGKsUn3ShOfo4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=405&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Privacy-preserving fusion of IoT and big data for e-health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:e6MBGYfJxF8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vuIdIPEsB5UZYtwGQYYYR77zAuOP&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=406&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A SECURED MOBILE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM USING WIRELESS BODY SENSOR NETWORK
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ax9sCt3nBHMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vuIkpMrDLnTQE5tONon0lnVQXBpZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=407&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Automatic Ocular Disease Screening and Monitoring Using a Hybrid Cloud System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:_Oq28zh1KiMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vj_XqSsRkVQEMhGBQR9pOT4eQnXL&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=408&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things in product life-cycle energy management
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:zDr4r0aeFXgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vjDmoeU5asBbH5L-07fkbie8Xqg0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=409&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Prominence of IoT and Cloud in health care
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eDpKcduk3BIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vquR7CJTa8WHMvAIpz2hKmsiu9Hb&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=410&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet-of-things-based smart cities: Recent advances and challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:j9alUudHEegJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vmVhiYEAXjN3QHqYDRwJaI3ryMnF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=411&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

ICMAPEN: AN ICMETRIC BASED SECURITY FRAMEWORK FOR SLEEP APNEA MONITORING
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lJdmP6jIKyMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vp-vK5yXhk5WBLJ2Y59j2SSXvS7E&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=412&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Survey on IoT Solutions Concerning Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:VF2zqybdJsgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vnpNWyy8Lb5XLHWBcq3H-CHFxTAr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=413&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The digital revolution comes to US healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lToKU9aWYA0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vuOPKW3ZGYJtpgKcCXu4jAnuzc8N&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=414&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey on Internet of Things architectures
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:iBon2GixVU8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vsIaZ775WwBGZRCS0391FGD3mCcL&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=415&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Clustering Arabic Tweets for Sentiment Analysis
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Y0DTl-2emmoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vji9ko_c6FZIvKBqU8dbTkdDHsAq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=416&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A HEALTH-IOT PLATFORM BASED ON THE BIOSENSOR AND INTELLIGENT MEDICINE BOX
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Y2C08PikMQIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vqHlJPemSX6Mj6m85Mp8D46tQ3pv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=417&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Selective Jamming of LoRaWAN using Commodity Hardware
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:5zY3e1NPHRgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vvBAEAjlfBBebPqsV8eiJ6q3KKKo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=418&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Securing fog computing for internet of things applications: Challenges and solutions
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7Za6ZjbXV8MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoQ_vnk-7S60qoVBQYySyptA0_ekBTWW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=419&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 10 seconds before executing next page

Page: 420
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=420&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
The internet of things based medical emergency management using Hadoop ecosystem
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BtLvjdhKJ8EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRAwR4yu-Ybp0pQeNGDx9jC4SuMfQKq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=420&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Futures Business Models for an IoT Enabled Healthcare Sector: A Causal Layered Analysis Perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ju17klsadOMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRAwd5uQGE7pPZThrfQCPw0trVeBHEO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=421&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things for remote elderly monitoring: a study from user-centered perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WvdlAkd7QWYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRAwSJA3EO6KshSc9e0DZ_xZCrtgGIL&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=422&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analysis of in-to-out wireless body area network systems: towards QoS-aware health Internet of Things applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PzkU1LF3uxIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRAwW6GwkfCz8CWpTmyNV5ebAeXVwTG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=423&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure Modern Healthcare System Based on Internet of Things and Secret Sharing of IoT Healthcare Data
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:pwAV9HClHV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRAwes0lxXtWYYUctJxPmf_Dhd0ZdSQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=424&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Powering iot devices: Technologies and opportunities
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xC0y54cEVckJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRAwc-6rtlkn3pzltsYjgilAW06O6N4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=425&hl=en
Bibtex could not be downloaded
An IoT-Based Architecture to Develop a Healthcare Smart Platform
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WoQi1ZKxJy0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRAwZMQYE5KAQtAMJ28WhDHa0G9BOVs&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=426&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 420
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=420&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
The internet of things based medical emergency management using Hadoop ecosystem
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BtLvjdhKJ8EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRC1ie4Yy0-hCmDs3dCbLs1qjKr_M3J&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=420&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Futures Business Models for an IoT Enabled Healthcare Sector: A Causal Layered Analysis Perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ju17klsadOMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRC1v5kITmpM7Wh56X1MbKHVIqhjIk8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=421&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things for remote elderly monitoring: a study from user-centered perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WvdlAkd7QWYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRC1m7yzwr0Qtlu4sII11SrjBDFqohx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=422&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analysis of in-to-out wireless body area network systems: towards QoS-aware health Internet of Things applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PzkU1LF3uxIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRC1jjGVXxqAlGDBtIPGowUd9AvvgqW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=423&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Page: 420
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=420&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
The internet of things based medical emergency management using Hadoop ecosystem
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BtLvjdhKJ8EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDAznTeekpaiV8bPeX4h2HIqLKbBbc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=420&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure Modern Healthcare System Based on Internet of Things and Secret Sharing of IoT Healthcare Data
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:pwAV9HClHV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRC1oaZHxWE4z7LSsDZNwG6GSgEW17G&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=424&hl=en
Page: 420
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=420&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Download bibtex file OK.

The internet of things based medical emergency management using Hadoop ecosystem
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BtLvjdhKJ8EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB_FDS6SyA2MMnly-05c0AsRvoJaq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=420&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Powering iot devices: Technologies and opportunities
Futures Business Models for an IoT Enabled Healthcare Sector: A Causal Layered Analysis Perspective
Futures Business Models for an IoT Enabled Healthcare Sector: A Causal Layered Analysis Perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ju17klsadOMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB9D-RTHx9kWRCVR-omeJhflNDx-D&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=421&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things for remote elderly monitoring: a study from user-centered perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WvdlAkd7QWYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB6dW-6TVEWd5d7AKCi4gScBLjzt1&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=422&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analysis of in-to-out wireless body area network systems: towards QoS-aware health Internet of Things applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PzkU1LF3uxIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB5V_zWgUBYXYERhGSgyBjzHX148Z&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=423&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure Modern Healthcare System Based on Internet of Things and Secret Sharing of IoT Healthcare Data
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:pwAV9HClHV4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB-SwSFgpI0zrWJi8hqzsQFuK3te7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=424&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Powering iot devices: Technologies and opportunities
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xC0y54cEVckJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB3OEICGIOW_fmaB0EAn6lMQdrUOt&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=425&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An IoT-Based Architecture to Develop a Healthcare Smart Platform
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WoQi1ZKxJy0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB0rOosjkKs7NSZrWemGkojV1Ds1M&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=426&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

State of the Art of Health Care: The Cubism Period
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qIRQQfanx2IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDBwqvHjgVsvrjXUkrxC8tDsaNsIl-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=427&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Type-2 fuzzy ontology–aided recommendation systems for IoT–based healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:5vL8sXt-XdoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB9iKbzBOKJI-JRfHJRNL3_qg5jAg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=428&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards an Acceptance Testing Approach for Internet of Things Systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1cidBafVHccJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB6pbdDIqhVd2Gu1CboLXpwy6Fcc_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=429&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Consolidate IoT Edge Computing with Lightweight Virtualization
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kHnomkLcbSwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB9PkmTHpAgGBaNVL4jZo5WACTE-C&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=430&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Industry Accelerator Linkage: The Critical Success Factors in Open Innovation Programs
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hCguHNCYojkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB2XxpTidEJqKxNrS_GM3Tk3GwbVy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=431&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Progress and Challenges of Mankind Dream's for 21st Century
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SNpg77jAIKIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB_ChG_INilsNYhiu87UuBr6v2X1o&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=432&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Handbook of Large-Scale Distributed Computing in Smart Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:FwEChVQ1fjkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB8_WK6XDl4fJ7Bcw5P57FUCNCnXa&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=433&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Reference Architecture for Digitalization in the Pharmaceutical Industry
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lu7nnozf6a4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB1BjXrWlMajELki3mAHItZrooXqk&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=434&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secured Smart Healthcare Monitoring System Based on IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CZhTbqc4XX8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB77yX2weXaPx5NmUBM9fdpAwWq2J&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=435&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

POF in Healthcare: Solutions, Applications and Implications–a Perspective
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BNBIEtfRDR8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDBzEqJL-LVwxrDQeS6nxKE_xFoWS2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=436&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Variation in the use of mental health legislation in New Zealand
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:96DD4MbK7uMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDBzD4tVEZIZz066-b-0URxxY_Hs--&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=437&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secured smart healthcare monitoring system based on IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bV4wUXqOzsUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDB6t1yO88qOo8gJff_2SuuENFSoX0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=438&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Energy Efficiency Perspectives of Femtocells in Internet of Things: Recent Advances and Challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:GqKPPlDluAkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRDByaRzT10TuD_oDYUCHfuj4xwE77O&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=439&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 13 seconds before executing next page

Page: 440
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=440&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
IoT-based remote facial expression monitoring system with sEMG signal
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:fn9-hKUcmz4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC___LpMl1FT6e4rt2s9auilI8_u_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=440&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Basic Internet: Mobile Content Delivery to Everyone
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:jh6pXAi43rsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC29TD_AKkM6zE3G5D6I_5zJYB97C&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=441&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Intensifying Remote Healthcare Monitoring System using Internet of Things: A Survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:erxKhYkHi68J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC8p43swLX-6RCyuiziHjXHFKHtkx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=442&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Online Network Traffic Characterization
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Y0rL30buursJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRECyg9STRNHnkF7Lngnf2nv7x2_0Cn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=443&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Use of internet of things (iot) in healthcare: A survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:w17BBMJclukJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC76h09sBhx6Lnqh2pyLA7JQkQK6_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=444&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Enabling the IoT paradigm in e-health solutions through the VIRTUS middleware
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:r_Q9s5KxhIEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC_0Gw_8bXeMhlPQLs0QyjB-n3-MS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=445&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

3D printing and IoT for personalized everyday objects in nursing and healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kOj__DAODaQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC6jipLPyqEtxqh8rakZvVRtK42R_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=446&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart waste managemnt system using IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lWcHZb3p1HYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC3Uq8ArKVvuOVC5_Pmu8Q1dE7uwE&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=447&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things: Trends, Opportunities, and Challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:zITp12KaN3IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC6SzBZX6xoQhplhlT5GpWqhDznJ7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=448&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Two-Tier Device-Based Authentication Protocol Against PUEA Attacks for IoT Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cosGlK9H3yMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRECwpAmJWi1OLk8cV6Hu2SEFLJ-wKP&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=449&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Empowerment of Patients with Hypertension through BPM, IoT and Remote Sensing
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:k6MT1M-pnCkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC2CUmTjL1qb-LFIylXUkNyfF3zQe&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=450&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things for personal healthcare.: Study of eHealth sector. Smart wearable design.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KK1XU_NnX90J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC9wI96qb2tZfxxBywLobxgKihUFO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=451&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

INFRASTRUCTURE DISRUPTION: INTERNET OF THINGS SECURITY
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cTRWR_x_ue4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC4dHw_jqFDOPl1HTr2qh8BCgKL1L&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=452&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Exploring Temporal Analytics in Fog-Cloud Architecture for Smart Office HealthCare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ftsx9SJj_ZgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRECzDHkhU0kPs-p_BdHRT2rh1UCAN0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=453&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Challenges in the design of self-powered wearable wireless sensors for healthcare Internet-of-Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kbzYmHurDsoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRECzMFkVZmW9Qnw0A2Cjd2HLoKKzvN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=454&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

AZSPM: Autonomic Zero-Knowledge Security Provisioning Model for Medical Control Systems in Fog Computing Environments
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:weL0PxAh2rUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC0fzAvjBLXvK6pDrCFDFcCJq49Hq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=455&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Adoption of Internet of Things into Healthcare Enterprise Systems: A Phenomenological Study
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kK-j1tLZE3EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC9cs0SXJTOtg1d-E_IRgQ-lcCuRm&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=456&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things: The Reality of Tomorrow
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:3Ih5NiuKHwwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRECxkxhRUE8FaZRgeWN2aw1lB60mct&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=457&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things and smart objects for M-health monitoring and control
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:exkl3rliPGIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoREC2GYhc7UPuON09Z0mzxYQWfMftCu&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=458&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet Of Things Heat Map, 2016
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RUqGuOoghBEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRECysxId3UZiCgDouForVWmMiLsfdx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=459&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 11 seconds before executing next page

Page: 460
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=460&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Access control and authentication in the internet of things environment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:X92dmkcHyLwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRFFmUcvfYyquRkx8HWIdTRHAVcs-1N&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=460&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Exploiting smart e-health gateways at the edge of healthcare internet-of-things: a fog computing approach
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xu5t08HWahIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRFFilvjxLqWTw2GRlI4rEoUruhjiaN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=461&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

What Makes IoT Different to the Regulator?
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RMsTMNTmnjoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRFFmjerYIJANhWA4fddIuzq9yDxiy0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=462&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Is IOT a Threat to Consumer Consent? The Perils of Wearable Devices' Health Data Exposure
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1i1mNeUzQYgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRFFnYnWzD0nyvo0DLilxiv_AtydR9a&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=463&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

PIR-Enabled Security System for Internet of Things Using Raspberry Pi
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:fMnSQHmw7xoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRFFvc3ju5QQxhC3dtUKpeKzz3tDocO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=464&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 460
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=460&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Access control and authentication in the internet of things environment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:X92dmkcHyLwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQED5vLSJJ4bkMD-6LD3ZJ5d-DShKP&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=460&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Exploiting smart e-health gateways at the edge of healthcare internet-of-things: a fog computing approach
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xu5t08HWahIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEARGIySsA7UICFCcK4cxjOAoTUgr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=461&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

What Makes IoT Different to the Regulator?
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RMsTMNTmnjoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEE-ijBtyEW6ofeHwTypKD0zkgBoz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=462&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Is IOT a Threat to Consumer Consent? The Perils of Wearable Devices' Health Data Exposure
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1i1mNeUzQYgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEA0JBUYJ3ErweRelYqDepko9l-7k&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=463&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

PIR-Enabled Security System for Internet of Things Using Raspberry Pi
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:fMnSQHmw7xoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEJiw6i9f8c_EgBQbcmmiIzfQmFPg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=464&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design and development of low investment smart hospital using internet of things through innovative approaches
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:HJivolcOtEsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQECi-AYRm1w-EmKqQC4APYLlv7QHD&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=465&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Enhanced IoT-Based End-To-End Emergency and Disaster Relief System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SWpv-qyJJJAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEGR3Qr5u8In5o18wsR4glDdVYsJh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=466&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Revolutionary Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4W1EHJlT2BUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEDhpiXFf2SpDIBi3psaRgOzi-yoa&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=467&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Dealing with Security, Privacy, Access Control, and Compliance
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:38gLsHKrvMwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEJZvl6oJFofrarD3OBc-jpT7Y8GL&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=468&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things in Real-Life—A Great Understanding
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1l20_FOjlCEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEL0v8iXHswbahWU01dzE-UzB0ICH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=469&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

High-Value Health System for All: Technologies for Promoting Health Education and Awareness
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:zI-IlZK6uiYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEE5NgGE0j7Nutp3sVtxfUbOBxREQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=470&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design and implementation of healthcare resource model on IoTivity platform
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9q_ZwiV86HEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEGLdvFzfoJZx8FDZEJSqZkIbK56L&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=471&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Mitigating Risk: Insurance for the Internet of Unexpected Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:s1Uj_47j7B4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEBaRx6dRlr7-nLlZZMQ2Im1Xm-ht&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=472&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things: Surveys for measuring human activities from everywhere
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:mzlux1OJ7uoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEJQxZDmYj4mjCi9HiqpmqucTRgXK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=473&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

MDi: Acquisition, analysis and data visualization system in healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:fTzc1fQR4ekJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQELlD1DwfJBC89by_7Jq6AVXxq0HN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=474&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analysis on Internet of Things and Its Application
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4ZkETABV9xwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEBggVWXqC8NjnY3z9emucVmiPkS0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=475&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Open issues in scheduling microservices in the cloud
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ysCVAXDQMdQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQELDPt6pL4J3S2YIUhPTDpdv-fga9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=476&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Micro-CI: A Model Critical Infrastructure Testbed for Cyber-Security Training and Research
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:nKhZsoilJQQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEAuMSaZMLZXGUCkkJMMFEZ4jcA0X&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=477&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet Of Things: Survey Computer Networks 0 Downloads| 13 Pages 3,110 Words| Published Date: 09/01/2018
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Tqt4drNA8MsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEINBNIp2iOBSqYGCk9R72UNw68JA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=478&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Detection of data symbol in a Massive MIMO systems for 5G wireless communication
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Y8zRyNS5hdkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQEPjXA6aewanQ8TZPC_IM3EcAti3w&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=479&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 15 seconds before executing next page

Page: 480
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=480&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
A Web of Fitness “Things”: An Exploration of Social Impacts &amp; Vulnerable Populations
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:idUfSHIgYhwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-o386zRO8bOu0uVRtkx7DX--9N3q&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=480&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A review on IoT healthcare monitoring applications and a vision for transforming sensor data into real-time clinical feedback
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:24JsEoPivmUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-hnNNVqRKEJaUTKNXdaaaXhC_hIc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=481&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Web Standards to Enable an Accessible and Inclusive Internet of Things (IoT)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BMifCZkSI44J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-u2yXXCopM6fcMSLHRa7ojUJ1byf&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=482&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Privacy-enhancing Federated Middleware for the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:a0vjrzTKC_0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-nRwYmqMLVjgqAeIhw-P5cnFlMAg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=483&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Challenges and Solutions for Applications and Technologies in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ZCoAwpx8U9cJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-s7ft1igO1QODkAgW_b-At1rs0XP&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=484&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Introduction to the Current Status of Online Privacy
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qz0EpYMVt60J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-onD_V1o3mtSB841DjCEA6LbcehW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=485&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

High dynamic range DC coupled CW Doppler radar for accurate respiration characterization and identification
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:10Chjvn0DRAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-jSVX3DaJnDu7W5C6teSEa1D4FtB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=486&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Obtuara.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LfiXMgOT3bIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-kb3wmeDloGCWGPbKV31P4GBrYvG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=487&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Examining IoT's Applications Using Cloud Services
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QVByHeRKi_EJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-gggjVEKqoztJaKAlGEj224zG3vd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=488&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

CONNECTED DEVICES: SECURITY THREATS VS IMPLEMENTED SECURITY
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:sYMi6O_biMIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-tMD6kwAIgAEIg9GZi1K6IY2fC1Y&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=489&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security and privacy on internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:uoPTQhg1VDwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-nXjbHRRcl1Ib6CtOvzSf9y2uhIh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=490&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards statistical trust computation for medical smartphone networks based on behavioral profiling
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:DT1VvNIQ3PsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-hdALmFZpuYDaMbH2OwrQCQLb9TY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=491&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart CitieS: StandardS Will enSure SuCCeSS
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qGDfstuStVkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-tsE7uadYYfA9rC9KYIL7PUy0Oar&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=492&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Assisting iot projects and developers in designing interoperable semantic web of things applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:x7rDxcRs9yQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-ko-YuyITZDb4itXo0HQbm8fJjIS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=493&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Improving Energy Sustainability in Electrical Vehicle Energy Networks and Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:DeDKv2sJa5kJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-hzTB1Dqo3jwxR9SKVsVbaUtxGta&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=494&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

RBS RFID Security and the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ZvLOWgL0-MoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-pCko1jBYfakpa3g3UbJvEIv-Ilj&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=495&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Area spectral efficiency of a macro-femto heterogeneous network for cell-edge users under shadowing and fading effects
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6n56J8ChlcsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-hMB9fO9FlX7xdCXECBjo-FNryBe&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=496&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security Management for The Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:mZdLj7PXaFAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-vPQoFoxdMpGhpiUMpgtMaeqkFUk&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=497&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Networks of the Future: Architectures, Technologies, and Implementations
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PeibVYVNpoQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-urXeAogQvUeEojNsE83ZE4fAAWR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=498&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things—A paradigm shift of future Internet applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:_t82dcAzJxYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRQ-kv5gXtDFLvffE4er8XPXCWOvKgD&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=499&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 14 seconds before executing next page

Page: 500
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=500&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Infrastructural health monitoring using self-powered Internet-of-Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:frIDKZ1pZ58J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRR38ZSi9B6WGvfl7E_Ru2K5knL5J3W&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=500&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things and Related Business Models
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YykTer0GOL0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRR3y9p-lNhSPsZHY6Tt1P7DNys2J9w&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=501&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Actor-Network Theory (ANT) as an Interpretive Tool to Understand the Use of Online Technologies: A Review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:R7LM8RKsJIEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRR31G8u4HWrp4fpfOlcixEnoKJ3ff8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=502&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 500
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=500&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Infrastructural health monitoring using self-powered Internet-of-Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:frIDKZ1pZ58J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfXmJe-Noxqa_u6MnVrXcUZg-wwP7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=500&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things and Related Business Models
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YykTer0GOL0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfdN8LrvHROCFQcLy3A5lKmNZxglY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=501&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Actor-Network Theory (ANT) as an Interpretive Tool to Understand the Use of Online Technologies: A Review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:R7LM8RKsJIEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfaJtKL9yncFUMQ8nEuNkgsr6vRbE&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=502&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Empowering Technology Enabled Care Using IoT and Smart Devices: A Review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:66BOp-8jtwgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfZoxAVpkQYr9uwz5QEh0VrXhzqJJ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=503&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secured smart healthcare monitoring system based on IOT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xYI9KLCWSZgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfU68XeRdCw5ycWvwsux0bjLNpUX0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=504&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT and Sensor Networks Security
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ah1_qTkWgLgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTffw_ZNkPuGdOAM1L1q3MbmgRKQ9g&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=505&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Enhancing The Capabilities of IoT Based Fog and Cloud Infrastructures for Time Sensitive Events
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IqwMLRI_rDMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfet2LdDa30hYZ1NYWMJVDHqH5k2w&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=506&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

iHome: Bio-Health Intelligent Mobile System Using IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RbScMCj3t2UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfXrL6fLkQvqvhmx5X8dhqQgXjIb7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=507&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Challenges in performance monitoring of hyper connected iot systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eiNIdNKCBfoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfcUonJYPpiptsBfzY3clsa6KUNyi&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=508&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Making Devices Smart
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Q_zihLeoVpsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfZr3T_dadicBKWAWQ7y4t7iK-jjr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=509&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things and Machine Learning Convergence: The E-healthcare Revolution
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ZWP74c35J3gJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfYhVhl0y7djZK_L8w2AmYLtASVaY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=510&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Method for seamless unlock function for mobile applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Gts9vw-08voJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfaWqBe8NadDJKBHaLLavqzKf-O4U&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=511&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Optimally scheduled interventions in the presence of vulnerabilities for modern cyber-physical systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eS45ow4XEWcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfVs7ZAJJ0XKX8KNKATXzdtmppjKI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=512&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Intelligent Parking System in Smart Cities Using IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:U2tFf4NVlj8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfZPOdqDKCrbCje5p00-5U74E50T8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=513&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Energy efficient wearable sensor node for IoT-based fall detection systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PxtrsESCDGwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfasugBdwLZtQP9aU8rAcz0HsEDFQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=514&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Survey on Internet of Things-Fog Secure Data Inprocessing Health Services
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:nZ41C1GFyfQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfaomU_OeFjK197ousNltqTWLvW_C&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=515&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Mobile healthcare infrastructure for home and small clinic
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yLWTGyi_RWUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfZxiKk8nfR9jPJIrG48E9EMkSJW6&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=516&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A common variant of the interleukin 6 receptor (IL-6r) gene increases IL-6r and IL-6 levels, without other inflammatory effects
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:MjinuY30Ez0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfeHsQCZubXfs0oqapbWcXTsYQovj&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=517&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Review on Communication Security Issues in IoT Medical Devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QBYuk1pot3IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfRmMQBBr7ijGNhXLsIHMp5W-nzmM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=518&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Strenous Macroanalysis on the Substratals of Securing Bluetooth Mobile Workforce Devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9D8Ro9FdYvsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRTfZM3r7YBK-RBCfOpOez5nrI51kCX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=519&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 14 seconds before executing next page

Page: 520
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=520&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
From cloud to fog computing: A review and a conceptual live VM migration framework
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:yi0D2_YDPOoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUitHJd_zP7eb6VIfZIMYvovaCJXkv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=520&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Replica placement in cloud storage based on minimal blocking probability
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:oB9L01bfC04J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUihDdsIomx1eBNhcgbuebWVZsN9K-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=521&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cloud Application Model
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bnaYm0p35dUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUiiOnnH7Mr4iG_xE94S2HAUC5k2VS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=522&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Implications of immunosuppressive agents in cardiovascular risks and carotid intima media thickness among lupus nephritis patients
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:a6TJPipvCFYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUin843sqkc26_59jUpQJA9epSH6u3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=523&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

UbiHeld: ubiquitous healthcare monitoring system for elderly and chronic patients
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:gAA1kQrUtikJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUitDH6paLfQcvp4lhhSIJD4QpIU1C&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=524&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cloud-Fog Interoperability in IoT-enabled Healthcare Solutions
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WxsdLd37JC4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUikgWikgIxYTXARQLnk3n_GIEvz-e&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=525&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Transforming blood supply chain management with Internet of things paradigm
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:41cuvxTdPooJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUigj3qxg4x8L-sPegD-MrPhvnbdDx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=526&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Wearable Multi-sided Fashion Product Platforms
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:sOaQSh_QpLEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUiiwMH1N3ScusqEe0XBYmmBkeimaF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=527&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Building secure healthcare services using OAuth 2.0 and JSON web token in IOT cloud scenario
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:tcRuUt6a_2YJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUipGMULueJ28Ri665oYOiAHz0IgmB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=528&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things: Frequently Asked Questions
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PFBUVLJDXsgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUih7jYPUuYlip7fSQG26G95DoFTWG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=529&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

On the Internet of Nano Things in healthcare network
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ELV2HL6HcgMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUihsPW2lS2chlqznP5lB8h3RnpXV4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=530&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Confidentiality and Security for IoT Based Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xrsEpixQF3IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUivX3AaPqlZ2kf3FZEKq65wVxEI7m&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=531&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analysis of the FM Radio Spectrum for Secondary Licensing of Low-Power Short-Range Cognitive Internet-of-Things Devices via Cognitive Radio
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:N4cILBQmWRIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUisf3OpyTnzZ3Nrquy9jN3u7IgikI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=532&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Common genetic variation in the gene encoding interleukin-1-receptor antagonist (IL-1RA) is associated with altered circulating IL-1RA levels
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qTwPZb-hFSUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUivynQpLmVLOCu0Tc8sXVs_qBPohl&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=533&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of nano-things healthcare applications: Requirements, opportunities, and challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kl8Xqcl0BKwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUip61TCjz5EAb-HjjoGKtRImUZ4em&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=534&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Coming Revolution of American Manufacturing
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:JEea7UYYpoQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUijzz1bmUxRE9yAuowpZU9sYewzpu&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=535&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Impact of Big Data on the Physician
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Dn595z1srtMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUitFn8ImTom78HQ_QCr6JFtXNlcF9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=536&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Fog-to-cloud computing (F2C): The key technology enabler for dependable e-health services deployment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:B7b6axisIosJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUis2d4RflMwDIhrTl_5UVxR9W1ReM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=537&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT FOR IoT FRAMEWORK
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:MznhaFDwl2kJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUio3bTlrIUt0fGjxxSMXPgbDrAm9V&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=538&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Enhancing the capabilities of IoT based fog and cloud infrastructures for time sensitive events
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7ZJtj0O_LTYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRUirWQpO3_Q1muNHmX46PiVuNEIiSF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=539&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 15 seconds before executing next page

Page: 540
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=540&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
IoT-based prognostics and systems health management for industrial applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hL2OC0zfHdIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRVh7mGG13X0NQO3dh1xzvHNBd-gmTA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=540&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CkQzwQ_2xLoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRVhzPZm57LkynBIKmZpQkO3kS-ym1R&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=541&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Medical warning system based on Internet of Things using fog computing
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:iI8vCOE5LEgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRVh6uwBrhtvgycTaq-a4eISuMUGcX3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=542&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Proactive Personalized Services in Large-Scale IoT-Based Healthcare Application
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cGjHkecdh1UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRVh3uTbX1d5vsVOo3qL-xafvDcaKKX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=543&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Disruption of things: a model to facilitate adoption of IoT-based innovations by the urban poor
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0D2uNx6Dj5IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRVh79Mj20pIRwZaPkV93ILg6e0GQqo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=544&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards Pervasive Predictive Analytics in Interactive Prevention and Rehabilitation for Older People
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:B34gxLlqHFgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRVh0LHDwxR1Cw7ys4k6FOawfGLyhi0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=545&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Detecting malicious nodes in medical smartphone networks through euclidean distance-based behavioral profiling
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:L49eSNOv708J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRVh4QsGki3loSXDjfkQqh6tsyR1qDb&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=546&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things: Economic and Industrial Dimensions
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qYqTQRV8chMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRVh7_LwFLPsjlVTN5bEIEwmUVRrpUO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=547&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 540
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=540&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
IoT-based prognostics and systems health management for industrial applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hL2OC0zfHdIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZDWdr5f7NvXqXZ-6cYrsXhvdX1Mr5&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=540&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 540
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=540&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
IoT-based prognostics and systems health management for industrial applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hL2OC0zfHdIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZLwevgVCdAsU7m_BuRfElpwjDqfzx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=540&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:CkQzwQ_2xLoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL2Q1uD48-1Ntqi7NXTMpthPIZUtS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=541&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Medical warning system based on Internet of Things using fog computing
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:iI8vCOE5LEgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL_UvLb9VCREDrb6uw7RU6Wmo6n6o&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=542&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Proactive Personalized Services in Large-Scale IoT-Based Healthcare Application
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:cGjHkecdh1UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZLwuyjxOWi_os1RZYos_Tfx5INPmh&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=543&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Disruption of things: a model to facilitate adoption of IoT-based innovations by the urban poor
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0D2uNx6Dj5IJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL544wQoPmA7jwb536OlXNGz1_SGl&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=544&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards Pervasive Predictive Analytics in Interactive Prevention and Rehabilitation for Older People
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:B34gxLlqHFgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZLy4Gvufmz1yGAHTnnlnjmwR-DrhJ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=545&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Detecting malicious nodes in medical smartphone networks through euclidean distance-based behavioral profiling
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:L49eSNOv708J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL253bM8JCbb21YLPVhZm41KfRUjn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=546&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things: Economic and Industrial Dimensions
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qYqTQRV8chMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZLy376-aznJPAOOG4z55XOe5YWHb3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=547&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A review on internet of things and its applications in healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RVhS4iK_JVsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL1QoQqWZKVyvY_EFjtZVxmg4NVhI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=548&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Privacy and Security Challenges in Cloud Based Electronic Health Record: Towards Access Control Model
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:856bAk8Q60wJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL3CQ4HAdumhKZ2WGG0h-UST4yqlQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=549&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards Pervasive Predictive Analytics in Interactive Prevention and Rehabilitation for Older People
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4DLAbtOWXzwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZLyKLrgIqebZHLzdiExqt5M2HhxEw&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=550&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Privacy-preserving Blockchain based IoT Ecosystem using Attribute-based Encryption
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:j5sbx1uaWDcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL9RIWnYGwr31Zw55o_Ga0NZI6yxX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=551&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Exploring Security, Privacy, and Reliability Strategies to Enable the Adoption of IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:oCfY864sVooJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL5utJHuAJVNpdRrYyl9EYtA4xrI4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=552&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Everything you wanted to know about smart cities: The internet of things is the backbone
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:REULEllvRgkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL8ESfaPeg4gG8siLn736Y5PBRfMs&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=553&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things (iot) enabled smart autonomous hospital management system-a real world health care use case with the technology drivers
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:f-TOAWOwEtwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL5I-KepF1yTn-ZM75D_5MfeIO881&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=554&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Fog Based Healthcare Framework for Chikungunya
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:dL4BLgAH4DYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL4f8D3BziRx4M4Oy0pcs1Fr7wNrK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=555&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Modelling of a MAC protocol for mobile M2M communications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PRhZVMCNK-gJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZLzuRzRP6RKi8zjbHPxg5R_xZNYVB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=556&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A secure hybrid cloud enabled architecture for internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:JmCQ9kvxIecJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL8DM4YfwptzNL_tGjfiiOX15NEjY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=557&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The internet of things: a survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:rux6iApeNw4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL_Xu8xJYRmKqqXs8eC5OixKlIJXf&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=558&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Medical Things for cardiac monitoring: Paving the way to 5G mobile networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:K20CJlE1VcIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRZL0-_tOHZg_PdCgDybJ6iIwocapnx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=559&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 10 seconds before executing next page

Page: 560
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=560&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
An authentication scheme for wireless healthcare monitoring sensor network
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:i--VfLzCdt0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad79i8DtpbpCKzRObF2B9AsBhf_a-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=560&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A two stages fuzzy logic approach for Internet of Things (IoT) wearable devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kFVtpSBPlGUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad7qatcEKfhZiSdNA17z9hj0G-ets&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=561&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Medicine organizer drawers using IOS application and arduino board
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Wl_rO8XviMQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad12Hej5GBrwgKXiF20OMItpgw61p&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=562&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things for Smart Healthcare: Technologies, Challenges, and Opportunities
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2VY5qB3TcHsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad-1zSuTG-vUtlXmGsZY1sX4rAGYO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=563&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A cloud-based virtual caregiver for elderly people in a cyber physical IoT system
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:stsKGq9z1cMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad9xBQZHGRdfsJsPANYUGel-iciBY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=564&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT Vertical Markets and Connected Ecosystems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Ksat5kaolgUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad47hJVgEIdC770MHXwXtBt2lPmQ_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=565&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Varied &amp; bespoke caregiver needs: organizing and communicating diabetes care for children in the DIY era
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ku1PuN_WMfkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad4LVy1fMgnpDd0P0eXEZImPno5nc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=566&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Exploratory Study of the Security and Privacy Issues Affecting the Adoption of the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9RLOK6_zCJIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad7GYRcOLQuBseKhO5M9zp9nHVQCM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=567&hl=en
Bibtex could not be downloaded
Tensile properties of millimeter-long multi-walled carbon nanotubes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bzAitX8XAJsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad64uh7GScwMoyJ9n7NM6guToqH-y&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=568&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The IoT architectural framework, design issues and application domains
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RjIkF30tLJgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad7lyVNi2xW-IjI6gB6obpdmFqRz0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=569&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security protocols for mobile ubiquitous e-health systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Xwf34_SpIE4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad6z86r0FFwM19092GNKRhxAOoKFC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=570&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The rise of ransomware and emerging security challenges in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Wdhl4BZ-CSsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad8dSp9Ukfou94ZTLqOD5GN3qwvlF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=571&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Grandma Gone Wired: The Pros, Cons, and Alternatives of Medically Monitoring the Elderly
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:JgGgcsvx_UcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad8nr6M3M7Rh6a-B_2s7LUxJT2_6T&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=572&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The IoT and Smart Environments: An Overview
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BQ7mlAKSfhUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad2IrCz_qdVj2tJ1od4m8O0nt9ziJ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=573&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Objects Presence Facilitation in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6UEd1SLrgnwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad67HY64HbrlNef_w_TowLQ9xHump&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=574&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things network management system architecture for smart healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4jUs-_fygR0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad1ka70-JmTn33BLuwZK3jamPMiBM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=575&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure data analytics for cloud-integrated internet of things applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:HzbK9w9e-tAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad5fQTZVZKE95mpiYpUKjhK180uOF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=576&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things based e-health systems: ideas, expectations and concerns
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eXVfTRu7J7AJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad7PIW1Av2N9kdtiA34FCaC5WDX0a&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=577&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The insecurity of things: How to manage the internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7tqWAj4RqnUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad8hu5Gbg08wwSn6UyCXYsJ3308-K&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=578&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Evolution of Indian Railways Through IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PnH5nR8rGucJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRad-qYQz8RtAGJJ94T5M5Tv5FjAsUx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=579&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 10 seconds before executing next page

Page: 580
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=580&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Care And Feeding Of Privacy Policies And Keeping The Big Data Monster At Bay: Legal Concerns In Healthcare In The Age Of The Internet Of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QPITJWbx5fIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRcoxol0lpOpjL_9I8LPbVBH0ox__qp&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=580&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards Efficient Mobile IoT with Heterogeneous Networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:G1YfIBkK2MUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRcozLEc4pjlEPmz8tXe1Dn2iNsX9RO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=581&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

. Adapting Intensive Outpatient Treatment for Specific Populations
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:soLb8suvVB4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRco4tEAOnBaQedKtEAuSs8Pqt-Vv4U&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=582&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things: From Things to Valuable Outcomes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:F_stSz95qx0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRco7BYk_wwqsDmPj5B42yVTcEXTecY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=583&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

On the effectiveness of congestion control mechanisms for remote healthcare monitoring system in IoT environment—A review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:mfLAXJ_AcjUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRco_VSG995SOnemKmFnDUX4eXKkntD&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=584&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design for X (DfX) in the Internet of Things (IoT)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1UAFSPy1hccJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRco8wP3yNInT-qbJKfMLfRy-DDHNc3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=585&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The economics of the Internet of Things in the Global South
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UH6X_gb7T70J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRcowsEC33drZUx3GJ4pmO0D_WICVs-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=586&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Proximity-Based Asynchronous Messaging Platform for Location-Based Internet of Things Service
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:D_p7ojZ01LIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoRco3dw4gEN8TW2ZjNFjD1h71lErVPl&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=587&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 580
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=580&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Care And Feeding Of Privacy Policies And Keeping The Big Data Monster At Bay: Legal Concerns In Healthcare In The Age Of The Internet Of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QPITJWbx5fIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6iNsCGIqrAiQoPxqvRjP7EoIuLQxw&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=580&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 580
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=580&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Care And Feeding Of Privacy Policies And Keeping The Big Data Monster At Bay: Legal Concerns In Healthcare In The Age Of The Internet Of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QPITJWbx5fIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6okYURE-KknoqfV8qekn2Bp-IrniN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=580&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards Efficient Mobile IoT with Heterogeneous Networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:G1YfIBkK2MUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6oilhOx5v9GgIMZQZH0PzXIqdQU94&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=581&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

. Adapting Intensive Outpatient Treatment for Specific Populations
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:soLb8suvVB4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6onH20kzW4pYswYUlSFD0WGv5B4K8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=582&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things: From Things to Valuable Outcomes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:F_stSz95qx0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6otmnjtKIpUrf6SwPFnzcngtZ41pn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=583&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

On the effectiveness of congestion control mechanisms for remote healthcare monitoring system in IoT environment—A review
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:mfLAXJ_AcjUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6oqChJHmqwMJ_dFYqzIyVd9MTIgJs&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=584&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Design for X (DfX) in the Internet of Things (IoT)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:1UAFSPy1hccJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6ok-UuRG0qIMnTQBL8NYTuHSJcHmg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=585&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The economics of the Internet of Things in the Global South
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UH6X_gb7T70J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6oqNpC1mSD3ogNBAgw3E-KfvwdJi_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=586&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Proximity-Based Asynchronous Messaging Platform for Location-Based Internet of Things Service
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:D_p7ojZ01LIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6osA_YJo0yEqd8Fo_AcwL-otwVnYv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=587&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An energy aware end-to-end trust mechanism for IoT healthcare applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BzZkddj1RcMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6ovdFQZap3LK-O2LnC3X6T-_ZzFa4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=588&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Mobile technology trends and their potential for agricultural development
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UTE2gs36OzAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6olP2frbLrYG8BqC6QObu16T4Aicu&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=589&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Framework for E-health systems in IoT based environments
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YX1C9-5FMF4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6ojWqJUXpccMqur_NKbgACQCROC-B&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=590&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things: Legal Implications for Every Business
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LUVw16DWndcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6ormvK5g1qpxB1saqC4665oA1QOd9&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=591&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Need &amp; Gap Analysis of Converting a City into Smart City
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:5mwHwOJXcUQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6ok4pPX_the8TX_UiPr-o3DxLvkhY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=592&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

MIMO Non-orthogonal Multiple Access Schemes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:xYvdHvejK_4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6oupvzxV4TzfpSIna2tKh2NZkgO5T&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=593&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things: a security point of view
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:BL8tJ2FfqSsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6op-iBLNtZAZYKRDM26uj-6qCHJga&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=594&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Computational business intelligence, big data, and their role in business decisions in the age of the internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:L0ML52vvQPUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6onN_dHpwLl01BanfotPEVi3i6ZVm&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=595&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The shape and implications of Korea's Telecommunication Industry: Crisis, opportunity and challenge
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:3dQ9XcsdjUMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6ot-jpOM6y0LuzM3lb2_6aUQurRCU&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=596&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT platforms interoperability for active and assisted living healthcare services support
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ErCyvAOrj2gJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6ohFh3uDgkKrxBgSMYWNJR9KA2tM3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=597&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Addressing Security and Privacy Challenges in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:aEHlMGygAWsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6om_UlHVDJRRRjjmIsug-qTD7GAMd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=598&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A bayesian inference-based detection mechanism to defend medical smartphone networks against insider attacks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UR3gnkvcaIQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR6ooDeFhY2Hbtkbq20V52F8LM2jFwK&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=599&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 13 seconds before executing next page

Page: 600
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=600&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
An inference system framework for personal sensor devices in mobile health and internet of things networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ac6UNMCt6poJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lluEkBx5JyDFh4OuLtG5jCuRSvOI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=600&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Chemical-sensitive graphene modulator with a memory effect for internet-of-things applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Egeqb5OIy30J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lrQqKU1FmGVY-RX2mm7Snron9gcA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=601&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Designing service processes to unlock value
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:DZuDl9K196wJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lmIY3aHSCKdwAgyIwe83RyolPGnz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=602&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

1.1 silicon technologies and solutions for the data-driven world
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:fkwt-pkhWpsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lrULymZvubI4MlaXAudiGWr0s8P2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=603&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Automatic generation of distributed run-time infrastructure for internet of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:8ah5YP9ZG5QJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lsBFuuhoHUUQ8EECoH0QLrxtr5ri&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=604&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Film scenes in interdisciplinary education: teaching the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Nr6ZOJkJrYEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7ljLNY8FveidzSGW7iqiQ9nWGvqrN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=605&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Breaking Fitness Records without Moving: Reverse Engineering and Spoofing Fitbit
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:jn1C0g7-EEUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lj1_SoPruTQiNTJAugqCRuHqwV-3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=606&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

5G-enabled devices and smart-spaces in social-IoT: An overview
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kI-6uV-u2tIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7llj_tQNH3pjLcA8Tqly-Lkt8Caeu&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=607&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Identity privacy preserving biometric based authentication scheme for Naked healthcare environment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7RCAeG21NuIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lrGgjfVvEBoI3FewVAP5WYyEK3--&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=608&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The internet of things for health care: a comprehensive survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Bg0-T0USLrIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lkR6Liy8qs7AEiq4Az_psZ4kzg4q&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=609&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

ZEF
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hWKA65o8S1oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7ljlz55bPy2v65yoX3qLv1SvKLTVj&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=610&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Appification, AI, and Healthcare's New Iron Triangle
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Bnwf4CM7wfkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lsW-Jox7n9eOo1jOH995Dkmr1nVC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=611&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Enhance the Use of Medical Wearables Through Meaningful Data Analytics
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:8uOS7RZqtjEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lqt7u0YclQWmwWZwPAXh6lL0qBgb&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=612&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Practical Introduction to Human-in-the-loop Cyber-physical Systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NiqoYeSNqUwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lqT3a61E4qAi5HgCnp9JUUwnFiN3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=613&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things: Challenges, Advances, and Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:oUoNzFLLn5UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lgaXaSqMwPH3VrAAocIFo7FdhPS4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=614&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Big data architecture for climate change and disease dynamics
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2fcFTscdNRgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7ltzG0S73yGwaELbihH3OOAs5-8C_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=615&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Privacy preserving data management in recruiting participants for digital clinical trials
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:tk1AJ0JblRUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lvvenR-7o951rxp66p-HEJ2Zk08Z&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=616&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A secure Low Power Implementation of Internet of Things Health Monitoring System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qfaeqpLTtEMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lqFJwbp1cBAKrfwr3SgoPHPbsYcS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=617&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Deep Learning Approach for Intrusion Detection System (IDS) in the Internet of Things (IoT) Network using Gated Recurrent Neural Networks (GRU)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YfiFDq3fht8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7los0J8_21r0KT4m3yCQdSdMF-4BS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=618&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Enhanced Iron Accumulation in Chickpea Though Expression of Iron-Regulated Transport and Ferritin Genes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:KOqIhBQH5wYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR7lrtYAkSELWk-s_FRov3HHD90HVmw&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=619&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 13 seconds before executing next page

Page: 620
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=620&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
A Survey of IoT Security: Risks, Requirements, Trends, and Key Technologies
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ol6UiONLf3MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l9EkmMuRyd97wyol6we6sTP85chW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=620&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Digital Privacy and Security Using Windows
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SgH89oyNBosJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8lwLv6C-ZY6kqipoLC-dQPkhugS_C&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=621&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Case for IoT Security Assurance
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IyezX6488YgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8lzf3jcN8x5oUrZeMbUM6gSIcdlWQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=622&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Edge Definition and How It Fits with 5G Era Networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:GhqrIwBssD4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l_GCw0g9xnLpHlPShWb9PZqvqbXj&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=623&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Do It Yourself solution of Internet of Things Healthcare System: Measuring body parameters and environmental parameters affecting health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4IKC9M2ZM9MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l2EhxI4cvyOPq8WnbkWJHPrkv-vd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=624&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

(Revised Version) Privacy-preserving Smart IoT-based Healthcare Big Data Storage and Self-adaptive Access Control System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:XawuPNhMSngJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8lxGpnUrxvbsOVogQb2RUylC7dJpg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=625&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet-of-things market, value networks, and business models: state of the art report
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lPK5TSNamesJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l724M42eclTSzVQ04qDAxG99nT-4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=626&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things: Vision, applications and research challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:aNn8rXNrj6oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8lySVExoXfKEhYnZyDFf3vZFtkKq3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=627&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smarter Decisions–The Intersection of Internet of Things and Decision Science
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9l3c0vnJk7sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l7s0m8Ew8ccasx4EeJKGv6r-5e89&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=628&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Technology in Parkinson's disease: Challenges and opportunities
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:I9E5Pl7xm6sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l9XyS1SjD4F6ngM8eBlc33hlQ0j6&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=629&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Consumer Health Care: Current Trends in Consumer Health Monitoring
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0jEMYQg3FN0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l2T2wQyNicKdouO_b7V_BG81b-kN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=630&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things in healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:d5vZ1vMJuZcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l8onMoi0k-5gdU54j1lFhQFvttO8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=631&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Dead reckoning: where we stand on privacy and security controls for the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hSoP73MPBOIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l2SdkTEyoPM3u-c1K9iJ1eHEMMBZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=632&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT middleware: A survey on issues and enabling technologies
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:5lTmw3bFYawJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoR8l6B4ySufxIAIoTlNn1CZkvXc92X7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=633&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 620
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=620&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
A Survey of IoT Security: Risks, Requirements, Trends, and Key Technologies
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ol6UiONLf3MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSFE7oEIQYwQ_2C4BbtNYTdXfgr0ol_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=620&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 620
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=620&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
A Survey of IoT Security: Risks, Requirements, Trends, and Key Technologies
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ol6UiONLf3MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMn0rB2beilvPQl9TVf7_69idWznY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=620&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Digital Privacy and Security Using Windows
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SgH89oyNBosJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMg9RMuooCOBHDOFcZgkOUvkB-GKO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=621&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Case for IoT Security Assurance
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IyezX6488YgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMvVyWByxifIYICCq4VWq6qz8AmCo&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=622&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Edge Definition and How It Fits with 5G Era Networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:GhqrIwBssD4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMiLd2aL5uZeYOQ5igwLVFsjaRyQp&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=623&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Do It Yourself solution of Internet of Things Healthcare System: Measuring body parameters and environmental parameters affecting health
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:4IKC9M2ZM9MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMqkAfmf3njKvGPkHZgLQBjWb8w5Q&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=624&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

(Revised Version) Privacy-preserving Smart IoT-based Healthcare Big Data Storage and Self-adaptive Access Control System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:XawuPNhMSngJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMvcG-gp7RokrnZWAeXJUl9jTaLg-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=625&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet-of-things market, value networks, and business models: state of the art report
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lPK5TSNamesJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMpJePeTqswzlslMTMRLAX93s12Ok&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=626&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things: Vision, applications and research challenges
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:aNn8rXNrj6oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMgQdS7DelS_3RexlZhGLsQqzKftV&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=627&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smarter Decisions–The Intersection of Internet of Things and Decision Science
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9l3c0vnJk7sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMtqoLrkTUCKrawiKj-IfW514dd7P&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=628&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Technology in Parkinson's disease: Challenges and opportunities
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:I9E5Pl7xm6sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMu8OzzUlh-8H-GVu9Z4bKrsrhXby&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=629&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Consumer Health Care: Current Trends in Consumer Health Monitoring
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:0jEMYQg3FN0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMicpQ60VX-q9WSFLzuDSFmOjS5kQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=630&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things in healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:d5vZ1vMJuZcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMqFCM3zj715OX4j5idmYC1ZwgQ8J&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=631&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Dead reckoning: where we stand on privacy and security controls for the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hSoP73MPBOIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMvVMoRqll-1L4umALx2Q5qSXHllX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=632&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

IoT middleware: A survey on issues and enabling technologies
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:5lTmw3bFYawJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMsTwBoCQXwGU0Fo7lp2sOI3qgNje&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=633&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Fundamental Challenges Toward Making the IoT a Reachable Reality: A Model-Centric Investigation
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:-r5UIrZiKswJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMuXZw0gk0r-MI0g17kxf2Uqwr5Qg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=634&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

BRXPITISHw MED7ICAL JO-URNA: L.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Zy6c9Cg30R8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMm6Q3QxNd8C3Trlxdx19tANq9P35&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=635&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The internet of things: Limitless Opportunities for business and society
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:a98AbM902ogJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMrC6gKWY9Tk-qbEttPWOrI19Jl6K&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=636&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Collaborative internet of things (C-IoT): For future smart connected life and business
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7ZdVU5Tm2UAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMtfegMP5fdH_SNQxuLTp1dyJBY16&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=637&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Big-data analytics for cloud, IoT and cognitive computing
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:nI6GIiLdhJEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMgOLFSYV32pAJn_mqe6gZ4F36681&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=638&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Evidence-Based Self-Management for Spondyloarthritis Patients
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Ls8WrkYVhXIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSGMhd2eMS7wMGGc1f3wjxcbkw3qCZ_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=639&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 15 seconds before executing next page

Page: 640
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=640&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Data Protection and Privacy:(In) visibilities and Infrastructures
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RxoIgbpYJAoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR_g0nhdjfLOftfdPWSvTSSzS8lbC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=640&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LrNQDMP0BKcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR1XloULBktDuepF82aG5W46sZzpQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=641&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cloud-based fine-grained health information access control framework for lightweight IoT devices with dynamic auditing and attribute revocation
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ZhHojIWarDwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR3S9k6vZ4XNlCHr1nqrK3AAyuSEq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=642&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards Precision Behavioral Medicine with IoT: Iterative Design and Optimization of a Self-Management Tool for Type 1 Diabetes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:sHSiCkZqMbcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR7ZNqRQTWSz-SWKZ73l5KHDilpiv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=643&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Ubiquitous revolution, customer needs and business intelligence? Empirical evidence from the Japanese healthcare sector
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:efOOyFRgrZ4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHRxToDaEBZjHRQ5lIhTus-DU_5uw0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=644&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things: converging technologies for smart environments and integrated ecosystems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Lk3OpiMFTcwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR6WwRA9JMQGSV2mQGt6iLdSucfmr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=645&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Wireless Body Area Network for Healthcare Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:418-DB8duGoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHRyye_OdxAN5jZMMgvvMHjDrFFhH8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=646&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An efficient network coding-based fault-tolerant mechanism in WBAN for smart healthcare monitoring systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LOtkrOWCZGsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR0rn-zlCFBfGDaINbMvjDhm1GlF3&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=647&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Proactive personalized services through fog-cloud computing in large-scale IoT-based healthcare application
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:RD3rV1FNIgYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR_xe19fI4-9qgHhbIb6fr75dABAZ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=648&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An architecture for using commodity devices and smart phones in health systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6h4MIUpYpEIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR9kNm-P81IGcZ3hqnc5lwB5mc5zz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=649&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things and Assistive Technologies for People with Disabilities: Applications, Trends, and Issues
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2MW7VWDeX58J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHRzsjvsXVNGIh0MptZUrJZ42iaO7c&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=650&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Examining intention to adopt to internet of things in healthcare technology products
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:gagNCIaR1IIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR8kSRuZYbzkX9HI-Oyoxurj9jOqC&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=651&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Contracting for the 'Internet of Things': Looking into the Nest
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:vnIFQHE4s5cJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR32EKZYVCPm-fl3PYV3iMcWuggi8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=652&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things-from research and innovation to market deployment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Lg8C28m_tqwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR4FUz-x7D-eIrvBCqW7OVq213zwL&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=653&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

CONDITION MONITORING BASED ON A WIRELESS, DISTRIBUTED AND SCALABLE PLATFORM
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9hE68VwRnQoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR8r1oXV-Vwew_OggPUGtPuXzyRlA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=654&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Examining Data Breaches in Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SOkX7a9o75UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR1VAXIfinNwzumoWeokYswzhWqjj&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=655&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure Certificate Management and Device Enrollment at IoT Scale.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LjwgdWjLENsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR55eHNwrNNu25BRpCi0BU899IyEV&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=656&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Survey of promising technologies for 5G networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YEs_IPAcYNUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR3ON_JZSfgv55_I1lGI1-Lo-5SKF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=657&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Conference Program 2017
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:MpjhLpUn57QJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR7BuVX9h7tpyDTxicxPag1t3DMCS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=658&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Kevin Marshall, Sam Mitchell Finnigan, John Vines, &amp; Rob Comber
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:-JyX90WNDqcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSHR0Umeyzpz04kTCRZn5OCVCuUoWwf&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=659&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 15 seconds before executing next page

Page: 660
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=660&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Harmony: Exploiting coarse-grained received signal strength from IoT devices for human activity recognition
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:X5v0eh9UZvgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIOgjuuWr6XnEjFz1c1EANmaJF7Al8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=660&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Heartbeats Do Not Make Good Pseudo-Random Number Generators: An Analysis of the Randomness of Inter-Pulse Intervals
Page: 650
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=650&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
The Internet of Things and Assistive Technologies for People with Disabilities: Applications, Trends, and Issues
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2MW7VWDeX58J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIcBlCl24ZIJnFPL5gQuoF6pkZCESp&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=650&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 650
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=650&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
The Internet of Things and Assistive Technologies for People with Disabilities: Applications, Trends, and Issues
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:2MW7VWDeX58J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIoyI1qP00dIlt02C1nnXNOeTmYGwH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=650&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Examining intention to adopt to internet of things in healthcare technology products
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:gagNCIaR1IIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo8XXEqbHzQCxYgFfPGn4f5QFExjf&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=651&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Contracting for the 'Internet of Things': Looking into the Nest
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:vnIFQHE4s5cJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo3mQKStnXM_xGzXz1_Ga0QjxLu2s&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=652&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of things-from research and innovation to market deployment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Lg8C28m_tqwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIow9bNC-FkOMHSsKb1sI4oG8Dm3rd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=653&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

CONDITION MONITORING BASED ON A WIRELESS, DISTRIBUTED AND SCALABLE PLATFORM
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9hE68VwRnQoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo3sTqbgIedDkYJvhtXqtTlPr6mv1&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=654&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Examining Data Breaches in Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SOkX7a9o75UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo2VPjG_Ym3tu89WDkpQt_pDcTUIV&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=655&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure Certificate Management and Device Enrollment at IoT Scale.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LjwgdWjLENsJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo8lQHcTmwnufFQyj29WZAeHSJ4RI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=656&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Survey of promising technologies for 5G networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:YEs_IPAcYNUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo-pWQj_F9tMP6B8Ttghzl20MDdT-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=657&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Conference Program 2017
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:MpjhLpUn57QJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIozSKn97_DwNU_XPXCLExXe_FZfOn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=658&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Kevin Marshall, Sam Mitchell Finnigan, John Vines, &amp; Rob Comber
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:-JyX90WNDqcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo2TyP3rvCm5DK6wi5jzx1aV-SRxQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=659&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Harmony: Exploiting coarse-grained received signal strength from IoT devices for human activity recognition
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:X5v0eh9UZvgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo3d7z3Aq1MDZUV8_1TOZy5g-lcL7&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=660&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Heartbeats Do Not Make Good Pseudo-Random Number Generators: An Analysis of the Randomness of Inter-Pulse Intervals
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:O6Qv2B3lQ9sJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo-Goj9Q96YBOYcojkQn_PghH0M2F&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=661&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Ultimate Online Dating Guide: Secrets of How Savvy Women Find Great Matches
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:8TPUdvdn-tIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo8APfsWF3WIso8NPuTwf5-mCayvF&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=662&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Telecom Regulatory Authority of India
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:t4kpt6HdGzMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIoxBEkoXXQGGAKmbvHeB1nTIH5BfA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=663&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Innovating Independent Living
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:5k1Mp6PFpSYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo13Y7jClOaZSV7X4s-NWB1JSQrBG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=664&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Designing the health-related internet of things: ethical principles and guidelines
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:TMxpTXONiJUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo66kefNzVYtBJbZLUD8ZUQdsb3d0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=665&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Energy Efficient Network Design for IoT Healthcare Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7hegCLFgcYoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo7TdSBhPAup1m1KIojVI2QDb0pQR&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=666&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Survey of IoT Key Enabling and Future Technologies: 5G, Mobile IoT, Sematic Web and Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:eoJiJFqyHn8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo3pPXMuiTyJ_lamMnNFJIlaB3zFg&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=667&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

KW Foundation| Campus
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:W5tSvKizHyAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo6yxQoH77p9KHoXOqklDebxoFgP1&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=668&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart manufacturing: role of Internet of Things in process optimization
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ws0xAxXcvVIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSIo5Dg0fNJ09JTXah1uKsPxdRUpV3n&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=669&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 15 seconds before executing next page

Page: 670
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=670&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Towards fog-driven IoT eHealth: Promises and challenges of IoT in medicine and healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9WP-ZccN1UUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoOJLXfcAsMlbXrvO7onayo2xXS-h&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=670&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards energy-aware cloud-oriented cyber-physical therapy system
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lQmAgBEIPUUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoB2Y4mwdiVk3t_8X7Q_RxbI-XLi-&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=671&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Extending the Sana Mobile Healthcare Platform with Features Providing ECG Analysis
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:VbSR-Nn46vYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoNQVR_vweN5YAKemJzdAtdtAa0Mq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=672&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Accelerating Innovation into Practice Pathway
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:vOnb_XwxpSYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoDwhO7cThULS56AxkuTgRmgtLozv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=673&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

New secure healthcare system using cloud of things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NRqZssKG0-MJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoDbKMakM7ops4-uwxxfM1npqY3RJ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=674&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

TSensors Vision, Infrastructure and Security Challenges in Trillion Sensor Era
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:r__G2z21OIMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoLlpX1I3aX2aCcGweG5rkgRtbLVq&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=675&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

USING BLOCKCHAIN TO SUPPORT PROVENANCE IN THE INTERNET OF THINGS
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:oFHJ2jIoH4UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoLUZlevppDhdyg_pLijXggYf384J&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=676&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey of clustering techniques in wsns and consideration of the challenges of applying such to 5g iot scenarios
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:hXvIKBomTrAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoJ082HQwC1epISPNTcgnOoLLf8nJ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=677&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Enabling Energy Transparency for Deeply Embedded Programs
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:W5uo9q6zGnkJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoClZL0ca6oU9G9TeOZLzPLAZ64FQ&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=678&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Lightweight Attribute-Based Access Control System for IoT.
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SRv87PScLIIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoPaaduTeI93CBxVXmwIPTAiwRpYG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=679&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Routing Protocols Based on Ant Colony Optimization in Wireless Sensor Networks: A Survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:lhrCHaGLxGYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoNND2SwTPqxHMkISvcOTWY_OW8Cn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=680&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards Understanding of IoT Ecosystems in the Healthcare Sector
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:uz8bkUnQpdIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoGBToKnu_1iiv_gx-_DRa4Z46qrt&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=681&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

KW Foundation| Campus
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:guBSIw2vBkcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoJdq8LRCmT9yqu8WrJFp2Xcw7H0r&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=682&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Uploading and Replicating Internet of Things (IoT) Data on Distributed Cloud Storage
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:S-MJbfFboHYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoIsOsrsNidw2S4HBpfSkdtGdNbj2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=683&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Applications of IoT to Address the Issues of Children Affected by Autism Spectrum Disorders
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:c0HSwrxT8wcJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoFNKDqs6x9DvJf0Gf0lvemlRAesH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=684&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Advanced Virtual Reality Applications and Intelligent Agents for Construction Process Optimisation and Defect Prevention
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:IKpVyS2dR04J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoG3jzKJ4z-_Q7vyfBsyOq1FXIOln&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=685&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Flexible and Stretchable Physical Sensor Integrated Platforms for Wearable Human‐Activity Monitoringand Personal Healthcare
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Ymdr3oXv0eoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoDDfkgeemk8wvVaOy_s6QmNBhFHT&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=686&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Big Unlock: Harnessing Data and Growing Digital Health Businesses in a Value-Based Care Era
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:O9NwigIcf3cJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoLgDk4E4gfa3OxN73Z3abjSWOmEz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=687&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Karunya Institute of Technol
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Fxt-VfuoxcQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoCzJqIn5k5OpTcdTH4oGxOnvb_Cr&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=688&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Development of Cable Distribution Cabinets by utilizing digital technology and connected devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WisUvxjJRp8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSJoIjYL2iab0yoxknuXjfh1wNyC_co&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=689&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 13 seconds before executing next page

Page: 690
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=690&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
A hybrid data compression scheme for power reduction in wireless sensors for IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NIEZXsbmTLAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSKkkNRPSUN9xSVRIs_or4abMtxo1uE&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=690&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

5G-ENSURE-D2. 1 Use Cases
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:K0R_ChBkRh4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSKkvtSzJHuKOjWW2CH4OVC1AwhHwI0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=691&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Monday, June 26th, 2017
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PA9PM2ouss0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSKkl1Y93D4xy545hBw4HhuYnKVcnkx&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=692&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Socialize Your Patient Engagement Strategy: How Social Media and Mobile Apps Can Boost Health Outcomes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:z2X0LRz6AysJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSKkvhmHJwzV-pqGdYHXwbuJLM9F5xS&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=693&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 690
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=690&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Development of Cable Distribution Cabinets by utilizing digital technology and connected devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:WisUvxjJRp8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP6WIVeb5AJqPjm4wxuLufRwWsLH_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=690&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A hybrid data compression scheme for power reduction in wireless sensors for IoT
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:NIEZXsbmTLAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP-WJFcpfNJ8c_NjTZ4Oad5V89vpX&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=691&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

5G-ENSURE-D2. 1 Use Cases
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:K0R_ChBkRh4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdPwn0iU1OmDKiq9AkPqC0Isth1XIH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=692&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Monday, June 26th, 2017
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:PA9PM2ouss0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdPyUvTAMpPi18lixFEis23FFkkAEn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=693&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Socialize Your Patient Engagement Strategy: How Social Media and Mobile Apps Can Boost Health Outcomes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:z2X0LRz6AysJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP9G-1oByYUYqUO7MtekF30Cqpdt2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=694&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Autonomous Patient/Home Health Monitoring powered by Energy Harvesting
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:bKuS5Lg7fkQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP9n_GzmXQeOydp8WUt1qe6qlwJVI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=695&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

An Ant Colony Optimization Approach for the Deployment of Reliable Wireless Sensor Networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9sQH2MsrnPIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP59ZkxWzzKMFC7L6MZdOzdyxRHTW&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=696&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Contracting for the 'Internet of Things': Looking into the nest
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:SpFD88kyRL0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdPz4_ZZ0Bii8aPWgVRhi5BlSc_D8O&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=697&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Equity and efficiency in health and health care for HIV-positive adults in South Africa
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:C5pJEc7HObgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdPxZChgCvAeGThBICp43qyJsl_0GG&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=698&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things: A hands-on approach
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:jK1JCjfkt20J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP2ZYMjnVCviIfRFbFx7BSG38TMBD&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=699&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Building an E ective IoT Ecosystem for Your Business
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:AE41UKVNWiMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP3EkrY8YdrPexsrgXGI2I6atJ2xB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=700&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Building an Effective IoT Ecosystem for Your Business
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qAlvpihigFUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP_w9OGGSPueppftKoqWXB6UsLRJI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=701&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Matching Anonymized and Obfuscated Time Series to Users' Profiles
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:tBOO-yMBqfwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP1nOadVFkMc5dGNRQmNtMbWMU0Aj&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=702&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Secure lightweight ECC-based protocol for multi-agent IoT systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ebKLcIHiGUYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP9h4qg4UBbAgZ1vb54pViCDxBRzN&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=703&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Energy-balanced transmission with accurate distances for strip-based wireless sensor networks
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:QXB-7pp52vEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP-JitiV0dZ10Tes4bc-YpCn64Zxz&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=704&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Practical Incentive Mechanisms for IoT-Based Mobile Crowdsensing Systems
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:T8PDmTU3Jl0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP3_RxJWUaZ3DPQZjSkauvW-lO3Mt&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=705&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Personal PIN leakage from wearable devices
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:sh0Watf1BkEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdP-ql-v0WXfNeztdsS7fiMTArBuNB&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=706&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

KW Foundation| Campus
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:9CZU861IHXUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdPx1UvOxM24M0ulNnIjXNDpDYFroH&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=707&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

EM-Psychiatry: an ambient intelligent system for psychiatric emergency
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:g7tieF9OJMMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdPwVnZjii_l_8LAH4iNz84KIeTwVd&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=708&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Applications of wireless sensor networks for urban areas: A survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:7HGrjP4JnAMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSdPx_dxMtACnnl6YcRA01NFVzybuA2&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=709&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 13 seconds before executing next page

Page: 710
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=710&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Enabling Medical Device Interoperability for the Integrated Clinical Environment
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:3WuMLhyUnhEJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNjL2PjCoVu3rSGtOXwZplcldHS2u&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=710&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Towards a secure mobile edge computing framework for Hajj
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:TMt4KL5pqPwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNi5lzsxEJv43lBpUCy8cKb0DETom&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=711&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Security and Privacy in the Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6Wgihl_o8AYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNvpfXN9S1ZP9de3iEiG6DVTJiyvu&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=712&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Smart Homes
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:rtZTEOzl2TMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNgUmzyNAVtl2od3nfqYuGiwBErPn&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=713&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Named data networking: a survey
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:gCXzb-XP_WIJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNhuoQSib_42UCIzK_uEgneaTaY9Q&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=714&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Italian smart gas metering obligation: a strategic analysis of implications and opportunities
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:UQdJySqBIh0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNrODijnh8cJ87Be0AVw7qCgLd6qf&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=715&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A review of smart home applications based on Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:w9kycLXapSoJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNlCVdF-CItsVrdJi9TmuPbPyzERf&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=716&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A Distributed TDMA Scheduling Algorithm Based on Exponential Backoff Rule and Energy-Topology Factor in Internet of Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:l62-hwJj0AQJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNsTtNjaNaeYT4co54KcV1mLXdhU4&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=717&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Sensor communication in Smart cities and regions: An efficient IoT-based remote health monitoring system
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:6Syi0KLK0kAJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNn_d0oyXSekUFQ2ettIWTePBX-qO&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=718&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Amplify-and-forward two-way relaying system over free-space optics channels
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Xt32uDQqtSgJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNnSyjDJqvQISHryjeaElLSnaF3WY&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=719&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Self-Synchronization in Duty-cycled Internet of Things (IoT) Applications
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:A287BmvTZsYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNiPLWtgDAQ9k__ZC-BmuGBH0GB4G&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=720&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Data Aggregation in Healthcare Applications and BIGDATA set in a FOG based Cloud System
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:qIVpG3UvQ0oJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNnssWPfZzKlTlGjpzyqqp7HDDpxy&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=721&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analyzing Dynamic Capabilities in the Context of Cloud Platform Ecosystems-A Case Study Approach
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:00xOpBcn0D0J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNoPa4WLnqiV88Dp2n-tLSKR-UYnb&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=722&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

DEP2SA: A decentralized efficient privacy-preserving and selective aggregation scheme in advanced metering infrastructure
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:Ymh79tlDvxUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNhVcfV4t6D0aSVI1gRhvxNvesWsc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=723&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Locating Rogue Access Point using Fine-grained Channel Information
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:e7jhVq1EhdwJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNo1dSTmOJtGuQvNRGpCkIFyQxxxc&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=724&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

British Perspectives on the Internet of Things. The Clouds of Things-Health Use Case
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:a0vDD665YzYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNpghlWydVMfZnoYZVN_YbyYvoBAD&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=725&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Distributed Security Paradigm for Resource-constrained Wireless Sensors in the Context of Internet of Things (IoT)
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:ea5DKCO0SCUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNpELEDLCFwWjHqng-6Y6dH1yRS2_&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=726&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Cloud Computing for Machine Learning and Cognitive Applications: A Machine Learning Approach
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:3-Kq9RSR2IYJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNrEzerjLS_HQOfb58DQi95K52OCA&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=727&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

The Internet of Things: Enabling Technologies, Platforms, and Use Cases
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:LJXT7QnE-mUJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNkZgUPGPfMVTzo-PenSmf01KuJL8&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=728&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Analysing and Experimenting the Intel Galileo Board for the Internet-Of-Things
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:GGq1-nIs9mMJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSeNj9jwsiX77KVefC_Wa2DWnicIWYM&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=729&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 9 seconds before executing next page

Page: 730
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=730&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Matching the business model with the unique customer journey: a case study of a high-tech Dutch EMS provider
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:iISOXu1FUF4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSfLK1yhZcOZ3mxdSWGvIMryO22Bf4n&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=730&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things and Smart Environments: Assistive Technologies for Disability, Dementia, and Aging
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kUiQ-an3p94J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSfLPSmWkB-Kq87wBxZNTF6txYdJSfI&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=731&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey on software-defined wireless sensor networks: Challenges and design requirements
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:u_eektnL_-UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSfLLFcNqlIlkuNBv8NKMfEEduErANe&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=732&hl=en
Detected HTML or Captha detected
Page: 730
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=730&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Matching the business model with the unique customer journey: a case study of a high-tech Dutch EMS provider
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:iISOXu1FUF4J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSiPdmiWmlPSlTanXBauFlO32oG38i0&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=730&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

Internet of Things and Smart Environments: Assistive Technologies for Disability, Dementia, and Aging
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:kUiQ-an3p94J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSiPfsCxCmU2za4ruTLDEenb343-Qwl&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=731&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

A survey on software-defined wireless sensor networks: Challenges and design requirements
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:u_eektnL_-UJ:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSiPUtRlTQXRbrWEnN3t63iJjTkvQ4h&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=732&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

3-D ICs as a Platform for Heterogeneous Systems Integration
https://scholar.googleusercontent.com/scholar.bib?q=info:iDLpwkjqAj8J:scholar.google.com/&output=citation&scisig=AAGBfm0AAAAAWoSiPUi1EA3D1pb-r1Wq9ERYut8OXyNv&scisf=4&ct=citation&cd=733&hl=en
Download bibtex file OK.

File bibtex/healthcare_IoT_OR_health_IoT_OR_healthIoT.bib saved successfully.

Wait for 12 seconds before executing next page

Page: 750
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?&hl=en&as_sdt=1,5&&start=750&q=%22healthcare+IoT%22+OR+%22%2Ahealth%2A+IoT%22+OR+%22healthIoT%22&btnG=
Wait for 9 seconds before executing next page

